"What word has five letters but becomes shorter when you add two more?

Short."
"I was in the supermarket the other day and couldn't work out which pasta I needed to buy.

Then the penne dropped."
"People often say icy is the easiest word to spell...and, looking at it now, I see why."
"Fitness Center for Trekkies:

He's Dead Gym..."
"If you're ever choking on an ice cube... Just wait."
"Honestly, everyone should just leave writing poetry to the prose."
"Apart from 'It's okay,' what other death threats do women use?"
"I got chatting to a lumberjack in a pub.

He seemed like a decent feller."
"Jeopardy Answer: Private Tooter

Question: What is a teacher that farts only when they are alone?"
"What's a cannibal's favorite game? Swallow the leader."
"Sore throats are a pain in the neck!"
"Which person from a book would make the worst roommate? Probably the Invisible Man—he'd always be sneaking around."
"Went to the aquarium today. Really enjoyed the Dolphins. Me and them just clicked."
"I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided completely... if cowboy architects had just made the towns big enough for everyone."
"I was picking up dog poo in the park this morning and thought to myself...

I should really get a dog."
"I used to be in a band called Missing Cat. You probably saw our posters."
"Guy at a grocery store: Are those genetically modified eggplants?

Store worker: Why do you ask?

Eggplant: Yeah, why do you ask?"
"Cabbage: the age of a taxi"
"Went for an interview at a blacksmith's. Blacksmith: Are you any good at shoeing horses? I said: No, but I once told a donkey to get lost."
"I told my friend to never discuss infinity with a mathematician,

he'd never hear the end of it."
"[Driving] My wife: Hey, you missed a right.

Me: Thanks, babe. You Mrs. Right."
"A man with a dog walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'Is that a French poodle?'

Because it's going oui oui all over the place."
"I don't know why anyone would ever want a pocket calculator...

It's really easy to count how many pockets I've got."
"The hull of the Titanic was galvanized...

That made it zinc."
"When I was at a Christmas party, everyone was impressed when I showed off my incredibly detailed tattoo, but they didn't believe me when I told them I got it done in Madrid.
Nobody expected the Spanish ink precision."
"Earlier today, I mistakenly sprayed deodorant into my mouth.
Now I have this weird Axe scent."
"Does reading whatever is written on empty cans and packaging make you a lover of litter-ature?"
"She was only a moonshiner's daughter...
But I loved her still..."
"When I was a child, I used to think earwigs actually lived in your ears...
You can imagine how terrified I was of cockroaches!"
"I've just liked my own tweet.
It was that good."
"My mother-in-law was in front of a mirror and said she felt fat and ugly!
My wife said, 'Go and pay her a compliment.'
I said, 'Your eyesight's good.'"
"Math Teacher: If I have 5 bottles in one hand and 6 in the other hand, what do I have?
Student: A drinking problem."
"VALUE THE PEOPLE IN YOUR LIFE. DON'T TAKE THEM FOR GRANTED.
(Or do, that's what friends and family are there for!)"
"What did the drummer call his twin daughters?
Anna one, Anna two..."
"Doctor: Sir, I'm afraid your DNA is backwards.

Me: And?"
"I asked 100 women which shampoo they preferred.

All of them replied: How the hell did you get in here?"
"What's the difference between a thief and a professional thief?

Thief: Give me all your money!

Professional Thief: Sign here, please."
"I told my wife that a husband ages like wine. We get better with age. Then she locked me in the cellar."
"If you cut off your left arm... Then your right arm will be left."
"I have a musician joke, but I'm still trying to find the right note."
I saw a bunch of ants eating my chocolate bar on the kitchen counter. Guess there's life on Mars.
"A truck loaded with Vicks VapoRub overturned on the highway. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours."
"Did you know that before the crowbar was invented, crows used to drink at home?"
"I have a civil engineering joke, but it's still under construction."
"Cooked some soup for Remo tonight, added some chicken nuggets to it. He was terribly excited. Let it cool for about 15 minutes—apparently not enough.

He's standing in front of his bowl barking at it 'cause it's too hot, and it made him mad..."
"My dog used to be afraid of hurdles...

But he got over it."
"Why did the musician break up with his band?

They couldn't find any harmony."
"What do you call an ocean of orange soda? A Fanta Sea."
"When you start to excel, people start to spreadsheet..."
"Husband on his deathbed, to his wife, nostalgically:

Remember that terrible car crash? You were with me then.

Remember when I lost my job? You were with me then.

Remember when the house burned down and we lost everything? You were with me then.

You're bad luck!"
"Parachute for sale, no strings attached!"
"What did one tectonic plate say when he bumped into another tectonic plate? Sorry, my fault."
"All the king's men: We need some kind of adhesive.

All the king's horses: Why is everyone looking at us?"
"Why does the Dalai Lama go to Vegas so often? He loves Tibet."
"Did you hear about the cheese that lost at the Olympics? It fell at the final curdle."
"My bank recently called me to let me know I had an outstanding balance. I said, 'Thanks, I used to do gymnastics,' and hung up the phone. That was nice of them to say."
"Marriage is about the most expensive way for the average man to get laundry done.
--Burt Reynolds"
"For years I was against organ transplants. Then I had a change of heart."
"No bragging, but I made six figures last year. So they named me the worst employee at the toy factory."
"So I was preparing a fish with some herbs the other day when my wife came up to me and started talking, so I told her this isn't really the thyme and plaice to have a conversation."
"How does a butcher introduce his wife? Meat Patty."
"When I was little, my mom used to feed me alphabet soup claiming I loved it.

.

.

.

.

.

I didn't really, she was just putting words in my mouth..."
"Who did the wizard marry? His ghoul-friend."
"I had a vasectomy because I didn't want any kids. But, when I got home, they were still there."
"A survey you fill out after staying in a motel is an...

Innput."
"Pirate: I have moles on me back aaarrrghh.

Doc: It's ok, they're benign.

Pirate: Count again, I think there be ten!"
"Do people have photographic memories from birth, or do they take time to develop?"
"I overdosed on Viagra once.

Hardest day of my life."
"Little Johnny had 12 buttons on his shirt but could only fascinate."
"When you sneak up on a bag of sweet potatoes and snap a photo...

Candid yams."
"My dad found out I had an imaginary girlfriend.

He said, 'You know, you could do better.'

'Thanks, Dad, that means a lot,' I replied.

He winked and said, 'I was talking to your girlfriend!'"
"I met a guy from Australia who works in IT.

I asked, 'Do you come from a LAN down under?'"
"My wife ran off with the guy next door. I'm really starting to miss him."
"I caught my son spray painting graffiti, and he tried to deny it. But the writing was already on the wall."
A man was found guilty of overusing commas. The judge warned him to expect a really long sentence.
What was the largest island in the world before Greenland was discovered? Greenland.
"Pirate: The cannons be ready, captain.

Captain: Are."
"I accidentally broke the bank once, now I can't afford to fix it."
"It's Christmas day. Mariah Carey opens her present, and it's a piece of paper saying she's been gifted a piece of residential land. She isn't impressed, stating: I don't want a lot for Christmas..."
"I just saw an Apple store getting robbed...

Police have detained me as an iWitness."
"Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other: Do you know how to drive this thing?"
"I went into my local bookstore and asked for a book on turtles. The assistant said, 'Hardback?' I said, 'Yeah, with little heads.'"
"How do you turn a three-dimensional printer into a four-dimensional printer?

Just give it time."
"I must go now... my planet needs me."
"What kind of doctor is Dr. Pepper?
A fizzician."
"I heard my son say his first words to me today...
'Where have you been in the past 20 years?'"
"I have an economics joke but it's not in demand."
"What's the similarity between playing chess and having dinner in an Australian restaurant?
They both end with checkmate."
"I was reading the history of the French Revolution, and just found out what happened to Louis XVI's head.
It was quite the revolutionary idea!"
"Does anyone know which page of the Bible explains how to turn water into wine?
Asking for a friend..."
"Why were the math book's pages always stressed?
Because it had too many problems."
"Sharks live in salt water because pepper water would make them sneeze."
"An Indian builder has fallen through a roof at a Lionel Richie concert!
A spokesperson said, 'The last thing I saw was Dan Singh on the ceiling.'"
"You walk into the bathroom American and walk out of the bathroom American...
but when you're in the bathroom...
European."
"My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up."
"I'm going to quit my job and travel the world till I run out of money!

I should be home in time for dinner..."
"What do diarrhea and eye color have in common?

It runs in your genes."
"Research has shown that men think about sex every couple of seconds!"
"Why do tourists go to the tops of tall buildings and then put money into telescopes so they can see things on the ground close-up?

Because they want to feel like they're getting their money's worth from both the view and the telescope!"
"My wife went to a bad concert in Southeast Asia!

Singapore?

Terrible, and so were the rest of the band!"
"I have a toilet joke, but it's really crappy."
Teachers' hands are usually chalk-full.
"Some people think there are insects on the Moon.

Lunar tics."
"When I was young, I put my GPA up for adoption...

Because there was no way I could raise it myself."
"Have you heard about the monk who claimed to see the face of Jesus in a tub of margarine? He said, 'I can't believe it's not Buddha.'"
"Whenever you see four Irishmen together,

there will likely be a fifth."
"The other day I saw a bucket at the hardware store with a sign that said, 'Dead batteries - $1 each.'

I thought to myself,

These should be free of charge."
"I'm not a fan of big soda. But I'm very fond of Minnesota."
"The problem with quotes on the Internet is that you can never tell if they're genuine.

— Abraham Lincoln"
"Marriage:

The process of finding out what kind of man your wife would have preferred."
"What do you call the medical condition where your feet go to sleep? Coma-toes."
"I told my son I was named after Thomas Jefferson… He said, 'But Dad, your name is Brian.' I said, 'I know, but I was named AFTER Thomas Jefferson.'"
Can anyone tell me if the skulls of your enemies are dishwasher safe?
Why is 'abbreviation' such a long word?
"I have a teaching joke, but it's still in the process of learning."
"I found a pirate ship really cheap!

It was on sail!"
"Recipe book...

Place casserole in the oven at 180 degrees.

Now it's all over the bottom of the oven!"
"Bilbo awoke one morning to find a large supermarket had been built next to his house. There's an unexpected item in the Baggins area."
"I have a postal joke, but it's got a hard delivery."
"What do you call a super articulate dinosaur?

A Thesaurus."
"A cop pulled me over and asked, 'Where were you between 5 and 6?'

I replied, 'Kindergarten.'"
"What would you get if you stacked all the terrible dad jokes in a circle? Groanhenge."
"Never trust atoms; they make up everything."
"Teacher: Use defeat, deduct, defense, and detail in a sentence. Extra points if you can combine more than one!

Little Johnny: The feet of the duck went over the fence before the tail!"
"As I get older and remember all the people I've lost along the way,

I think maybe a career as a tour guide wasn't for me after all."
"Which would you pick: being world-class attractive, a genius, or famous for doing something great?

Personally, I'd choose being a genius. Then I could figure out how to be world-class attractive and famous for doing something great!"
"How did the doctor defeat the evil Pharaoh's tomb?

He used Nyquil to stop the coffin."
"Hello everyone, welcome to Plastic Surgery Addicts Anonymous.

I see a lot of new faces here tonight."
"Teacher: Use the word 'cattle' in a sentence.

Kid: I throw toilet paper all over when I get mad 'cause I know the cattle get the blame."
"I have an outhouse joke, but it's pretty crappy."
"I'd like to thank whoever told my mom that WTF means 'wow, that's fantastic.'

Her texts are so much more fun now..."
"Daughter: Daddy, why didn't I get a sunburn?

Dad: You can't, honey...

Daughter: Really?

Dad: You can only get a daughterburn..."
"The instructor in my self-defense class told me that the most effective place to kick a man is near his knees.

Personally, I think it's nuts."
"Ever lose your phone while it was on silent?

Too bad, if you liked it, you shoulda put a ring on it..."
"What kind of shorts do clouds wear? Thunderwear..."
"Not all math puns are bad.

Just sum."
"Today, a large truck full of hair-restoring tonic overturned and flooded the street. Police are combing the area."
"My parents just said they want another child.

'I'd love a sibling!' I said.

'That's not what we meant,' they replied."
"What do you call an overused tire? Tired."
"I went into a library and asked if they had any books on paranoia. The librarian yelled: 'They're right behind you!'"
"Never trust a fisherman. They're always angling for something."
"What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind?

Maybe."
"I got tired of flipping the little switch on my rearview mirror to dim the headlights. So I removed the mirror and haven't looked back since."
"What did they yell at Edgar Allan Poe when he nearly walked into a tree?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
POETRY!!"
"Why don't you ever see a MAGA hat at a magic show?
Because they just disappear when you ask for a fact!"
"I kept having nightmares about Snow White and Peter Pan. The doctor said I was just having Disney spells."
"Farts are just the ghosts of the things we have eaten."
"A new strain of lice is going around that is resistant to conventional treatments.
It's left scientists scratching their heads."
"I met a man named Jim Apple the other day.
He has trouble introducing himself in France."
"My wife tried to unlatch our daughter's car seat with one hand and said, 'How do one-armed mothers do it?' I replied, 'Single-handedly.'"
"Bought my wife some Meatloaf knickers for Christmas.
The front says 'I will do anything for love,'
On the rear it says 'but I won’t do that.'"
"Why was Pavlov's hair so soft?
He conditioned it..."
"With all the concern about plastic waste these days, it's easy to see why clingfilm gets such a bad wrap."
"The vet just said that my pet zebra is colorblind...

I can't believe that his life will be black and white."
"I had a difficult, emotional talk with my 9-year-old nephew this morning.

There was a lot of crying and 'nobody wants me on their team' and 'I haven't got any friends.' Anyway, he was very nice and gave me some good tips on how to be more sociable."
"Dating someone taller than you is called updating."
"How do you get Dick from Richard?

You ask him nicely..."
"My dad always said: Find a girl with an embarrassing tattoo and try to convince her to marry you. She knows how to make bad decisions and is prepared to stick by them."
"Happy New Year everyone...

Think I may have premature congratulation."
"Did you hear about the girl who got a diamond on Saint Patrick's Day? It was a sham rock."
"What do you give a sick lemon? Lemonaid."
"What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five guys."
"if your dad is a police officer, is it safe to say you have a...

Father In Law?"
"I don't usually tell dad jokes, but when I do, he laughs."
"Oxy means sharp and moron means dull, making oxymoron
an oxymoron..."
"Wife: I'm going to clone myself.

Me: That would be just like you."
"A man is in the hospital after swallowing $100 in bills.

I'll keep you informed if there is any change."
"My sister just had a baby boy.

They've decided to call him Mark, but with a C.

Cark."
"I went to the electronics store last night and asked the sales assistant for someone to help me with a toaster. He said Kenwood."
"What is a sausage made up of annoying children? A bratwurst."
"I got so drunk last night I started a fight with a mop.

To be fair, I wiped the floor with him."
"What type of bees produce milk?

Boobees."
"I told my wife that when I die, I want my ashes spread all over the sod.

That way, I can finally experience eternal sodomy"
"Where do rabbits go after they get married?

On a bunny-moon."
"My friend says I'm getting fat,
but in my defense...

I've had a lot on my plate recently."
"How many therapists does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but the lightbulb has to want to change..."
"I'm so tired of listening to the drilling outside... it's boring..."
"I just bought a boomerang from a ghost. That'll come back to haunt me."
"I can't believe I got fired from the calendar factory. All I did was take a day off."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything."
"I got fired from my job at the bank today. A woman asked me to check her balance... So I pushed her over."
"I've just had a conversation with a dolphin. We just clicked."
"What did Tennessee?
The same thing as Arkansas."
"What's pink and invisible?
This grapefruit."
"I recently bought a new toilet brush. Long story short, I'm going back to paper."
"I googled the phrase 'missing medieval servant.'
It came back with: page not found."
"If you bake bread for a living, you're not making enough dough."
A friend of mine tries to impress girls by drawing realistic pictures of the Ford F-150. He's a pickup artist.
"What's a group of chubby newborns called?
Heavy infantry."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"We squint at the sun because it's bright.
We squint at people because they are not..."
"What do you call a genetically engineered cow?
A mootant."
"My grandfather was a baker for the army...

When he went to war, he went in all buns glazing."
"What did Father Christmas do when he went speed dating?

He pulled a cracker!"
"Yoda was putting a new roof on his house. Why did he go to the mall?

He had to TarGet."
"I went to a cannibal wedding.

The groom toasted the bridesmaids,

The best man toasted the bride and groom,

And the father of the bride toasted absent friends...

It was a helluva barbecue."
"I don't understand why people are afraid of snakes.

They're all completely armless."
"What did 2 say to 3 when they saw 6 act like an idiot? Don't mind him. He's just a product of our times."
"Nurse: There's a man in the waiting room who thinks he's invisible. What should I tell him?
Doctor: Tell him I can't see him today."
"Claustrophobic people are more productive when they're thinking...

...outside the box."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field."
"Can ants erode wood? No, but a termite."
"A pun enters a room and kills 10 people...

Pun in, ten dead."
"I've been sending my herbs in the mail. I wanted to know if thyme travel was possible."
"The police just knocked at my house to tell me my dog was chasing a kid on a bike.

I told them my dog doesn't even have a bike, and closed the door."
"I waited and stayed up all night and tried to figure out where the sun was. Then it dawned on me."
"Are glass coffins the latest fashion trend? Remains to be seen."
"What's an astronaut's favorite prank?

Mooning!"
"I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad...

I take something for it..."
"What did Delaware? Maybe a New Jersey? I don't know, but Alaska."
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one!
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
How did the hipster burn his tongue? He ate his food before it was cool.
"My grandson is a man trapped in a woman's body.

He'll be born in February."
"I felt so uncomfortable driving into the cemetery.

My GPS announced, 'You have reached your final destination.'"
"I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together."
"I told a tire joke, but it fell flat."
"A man walks into a library and asks for a book on different levels of noise.

The librarian says, 'Sure, what Volume would you like?'"
"Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches."
"Why don't dogs sink? Because they're good buoys."
"The inventor of knock-knock jokes should win a no-bell prize."
"What do you call a zombie who doesn't joke around?

Dead serious."
"I got fired from my job as a restaurant manager today after one of my staff lost three fingers in an electric food mixer... Apparently, I failed to do a proper whisk assessment."
"Today's Definition: Truculent

A pickup truck you let your friend borrow."
"What do you call the testicles of a peacock? His peanuts."
"What's ET short for?

Because he's got little legs."
"What do you call it when a pig loses its memory? Hamnesia."
"HOW TO IMPRESS A WOMAN
Compliment her, cuddle her, kiss her, caress her, love her, comfort her, protect her, hug her, wine and dine her, buy her gifts, listen to her, respect her, stand by her, support her.

HOW TO IMPRESS A MAN
Arrive naked... with beer."
"QUOTE OF THE DAY:
I know right from wrong.
Wrong is the fun one."
"Whoever first wore denim was a jean-ius."
"Sorry I was gone, my computer got a Miley Virus...

It stopped twerking..."
"My wife accused me of having an affair with a woman from
Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch.

How could she say that?"
"My wife gave me an ultimatum. It was either her or my addiction to sweets.

The decision was a piece of cake."
"Two cows in a field on a cold winter’s night.

One cow says to the other, 'I don't know about you, but I'm fresian.'"
"I got a rejection letter from the origami university today. I'm not sure what to make of it."
"Waiter: Do you wanna box for your leftovers?

No, but I'll give you an arm wrestle for them!"
"My wife just left me because of my obsession with cricket.

It's really hit me for 6."
"The world lumberjack championships just finished.

Three fellers from Ireland won it!"
"Waiter: How would you like your steak?

Me: Cooked?

Waiter: Well done?

Me: Thanks, I'm something of a chef myself."
"My friends claim I'm the cheapest guy they know... I'm not buying it."
"I bought a grenade today from a pawn shop.
Things went terribly wrong when the cashier asked for my PIN."
"Vegan: Pudding, please.
Me: Sorry, no pudding for you.
Vegan: Why?
Me: How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?"
"I spilled coffee on my resume.
It left a stain on my record."
"Why did the two worms have to leave their apple to get into Noah's Ark?
Because they could only go in pairs."
"Elton John's e-reader was swept up in a tornado...
Like a Kindle in the wind."
"Did you hear about the butcher who fell backward into his meat grinder?
He got a little behind in his work."
"Ever caught yourself wondering...
How much does a Grecian earn?
(Feel free to smirk.)"
"What do old people win for aging?
Atrophy."
"Two fish swim into a concrete wall.
One turns to the other and says, 'Dam!'"
"When your pet bird sees you reading the newspaper, does he wonder why you're just sitting there, staring at carpeting?"
"I am so poor...
I can't even pay attention."
"What's the difference between a pregnant woman and a lightbulb?
You can unscrew a lightbulb..."
"This space is for puns only. Anyone posting videos of themselves playing music with friends should consider themselves banned."
"You may not believe that blackface happened in Canadian politics...
It's true, though..."
"The bar was pretty wild last night. Some dude got his nipple pierced...
And I got banned from darts..."
"I have learned two very important lessons in my life...
The second one is to write everything down..."
"I've got a medical joke, but I'm sick of it."
I like to cook dangerously. I take whisks in the kitchen.
"What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend?
She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all."
"After spending 20 minutes trying to get my wife's bra off, I decided to give up.
I wish I'd never put it on now."
"Why doesn't Santa go down the chimney anymore?
Because he's 'claus'trophobic."
"What do young male Spanish cows call each other?

Moo-chachos."
"You would think anteaters would be high all the time.

From all the inhale ants."
"Why did 27 eat alone? Because 28."
"Why is the winner of the Miss Universe contest always from Earth?

Because it's an Earth-only competition!"
"Spider-Man's astounding wit comes from his great...

Response Ability..."
"Why is Dracula more creative at night? Because he gets to think outside the box."
"I blame Mother Earth for all earthquakes. It's her fault."
"Authorities have found a coded message in a tomb.

Right now, they're trying to decrypt it."
"Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing?

Just in case you get a hole in one."
"Can you believe it says in the Bible that men should make their wife's coffee every day?

Yep, it's right there in Hebrews."
"Just saw a guy running down the road with a cape on, so I shouted, 'Hey! Are you a superhero!?'
He yelled, 'No, I didn't pay for my haircut!'"
"If the Internet had a boat, where would they park it? In Google Docs."
"Teacher: Give me a sentence using the words defense, defeat, and detail...
Me: When a horse jumps over defense, defeat go before detail..."
"I've just bought 8 venison legs for $30.
Does anyone think that's two deer?"
"I swear to drunk I'm not God... But seriously, stay in drugs, eat school, and don't do vegetables."
I said to the gym instructor: Can you teach me to do the splits? He said: How flexible are you? I said: I can't make Tuesdays.
Why is Christmas just like your job? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
"After you die, what part of your body is the last to stop working? Your pupils. They dilate."
"What's a Goblin's favorite dinner? Ghoulash."
"My friend lost her job as a set designer...
She wasn't very happy about it, but left without making a scene..."
"I went into an electrical shop and I said, 'Can someone sell me a kettle?'

The guy said, 'Kenwood?'

I said, 'Where is he then?'"
"I before e except after c has been disproved by science."
"Believing in 12.5% of the Bible makes you an eight-theist."
"News just in: Local police have acquired 1,000 bees. They're being used in a sting operation."
"So my wife is on one of these tropical fruit juice diets; the house is full of the stuff!

It's enough to make a mango crazy."
"My wife lets me lick anything off her!

Butter, jam, cheese—you name it, she lets me lick it off her.

She's a cracker."
"A man walks into his home to realize that all his lamps were stolen.

He was delighted."
"Did you hear about the first Australian to ever develop a six-pack? He was an Ab-original!"
"What did the baby corn say to the momma corn? 'Where is pop corn?'"
"What did Cinderella say while waiting at the photo shop?

'Someday my prints will come.'"
"What's brown and sounds like a bell?

Dung!"
"My puns are thought by narrow-minded folks to be childish...

but I think they're perfectly appropriate for groan adults."
"Apologies to the lady at the waffle house this morning. It's a jellyfish sting, not a jelly stain, you are supposed to pee on..."
"What do you call a woman who stands between two goalposts?

Annette"
"Boss: Do you think you can come in on Saturday? I know you enjoy your weekends, but I need you here.

Me: Yeah, no problem. I'll probably be late though, as public transport on weekends is slow.

Boss: What time will you get here?

Me: Monday"
"I've only just discovered you can now get Viagra tea bags!

They don't improve your sex life, but they stop your biscuits from going soft..."
"I told my doctor I used to sleep like a log and want to be able to do that again...

He suggested I try sleeping in the fireplace..."
"I misplaced my DNA joke. I think it's in my jeans."
"What's the relationship between people buying pizza and people selling it? They both want each other's dough."
"French guy (showing me his yachts):

This is yacht Un. This is yacht Deux. This is yacht Trois. This is yacht Quatre. This is yacht Six.

Me: Where's the 5th?

French Guy: Cinq."
"A man walked into a hardware store, picked up a can of fly spray, and asked the assistant, 'Is this good for wasps?'

'No, it kills them.'"
"I accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles.

My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster."
"The clerk asked, 'Debit or credit?' I whipped out a twenty and told her to never again assume my tender."
"A dolphin bumped into me when I was swimming.

I think he did it on porpoise..."
"What day is tomorrow, Adam?'

'For the last time, it's Christmas, Eve."
"Republicans have no need for lightbulbs considering the amount of gaslighting lately."
"I bought a pair of shoes from a drug dealer yesterday. I don't know what he laced them with... But I've been tripping all day."
"What is the difference between unlawful and illegal? One is against the law, the other is a sick bird."
"Know why Norway puts barcodes on their naval ships?

So when they return to port they can... Scandinavian."
"It's really hard to say what my wife does for a living.

She sells sea shells on the sea shore."
"A furniture store keeps calling me.

All I wanted was one nightstand."
"I was asked if I was free next week to run a football team in Sheffield. I said that I was sorry, but I can't manage Wednesday."
"Ever heard of Engagement, Ohio?

It's between Dayton and Marion..."
"My dog just pretended to take a dump. Was I shampood?

(Think on it a minute...)"
"My friend David has lost his ID.

We now call him Dav."
"A hot woman came up to me in a bar and said, 'Do you want me to show you a good time?'

I said, 'Yes, please!'

Then she ran 100 meters in 9.73 seconds."
"I threw an iPhone into a lake the other day.

It's still syncing."
"Why don't you ever see the first 6 'ups'?

Because they're always down!"
"If your Social Security number was the amount of money you had...

How rich would you be?"
"I dated a one-legged girl who worked at a brewery.

She was in charge of the hops."
"I was shocked the other day when I thought I heard my wife say she wanted to go see The Monkees tribute band in Switzerland.
Then I saw her face—
now I'm in Geneva."
"A waitress screamed, 'Does anyone know CPR?'
I shouted, 'Hell, I know the whole alphabet!'
Everyone laughed...
Well, everyone except this one guy."
"Just found an excellent new coffee called White Bison.
Now albino other brands!"
"I was so bored that I memorized 6 pages of the dictionary. I learned next to nothing."
"If you don't drink eggnog at Christmas, does that make you eggnogstic?
(It does make you an Egg Head!)"
"I hate those people that bang on your door and tell you how you need to get 'Saved' or you'll 'Burn'...
Firemen can be Pompier than me sometimes!"
"Buy a sheep...
Name it relation...
Now you have a relationsheep."
"I have a friend who writes songs about sewing machines...
She's a Singer-Songwriter."
"So after winning the game, I decided to throw the ball into the crowd, like they do on TV.
Apparently, it's unacceptable in bowling."
"He died of natural causes...

You pushed him off a roof!

Gravity is natural..."
"Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside a dog, it's too dark to read."
Who was the first president of the laundry room? George Washing-Done.
"Why did my wife cross the road?

To go back to the first shoe store we went in three hours ago!"
"Sound advice from my grandfather: It's worth it to spend money on good speakers."
"Someone stole all the dog products from the local pet store.

Police have no leads..."
"There was strict security at the airport.

Even my cat was friskied."
"News just in...

The guy who took an airline company to court over his missing luggage has lost his case."
"What did the ocean say to the beach?

Nothing, it just waved."
"Who hides in a bakery at Christmas?

A mince spy."
"I used to enjoy rock climbing when I was young...

Back then I was much boulder..."
"My wife said she was going to leave me if I continued to sing Oasis...

I said maybe..."
"Due to rising costs, dirty deeds are no longer done dirt cheap.

Sorry for the inconvenience."
"Pig puns are really boring."
"Is buttcheeks one word? Or should I spread them apart?"
"Did you know that a piranha can devour a small child down to the bone in less than 30 seconds?

Anyways,

I lost my job at the aquarium today..."
"What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup?

...

Anyone can roast beef..."
"If a clown farts...

...

does it smell funny?"
"My wife and I just had a daughter and named her JuneJulyAugust.

We call her Summer for short."
"I'm thinking about asking my ex-wife to remarry me. But I'm worried she'll think I'm just after her for my money."
"JEALOUSY IS A GOOD INDICATION YOU ARE DOING THINGS THE RIGHT WAY. PEOPLE NEVER GET JEALOUS OF LOSERS."
"Nature Fact: A female chipmunk is called a chipnun."
"French people are so hardcore.

They eat pain for breakfast."
"What's 4 inches long, 2 inches wide, and drives women crazy? An empty toilet roll."
Why did the cows return to the marijuana field? It was the pot calling the cattle back.
I heard on the news that some guy was stealing wheels off police cars. The police are working tirelessly to catch him.
"I have a math joke, but it's a problem."
"How do you determine the sex of a cell?

You pull down its genes."
"Teacher: Use dandelion in a sentence.

Jamaican kid: De cheetah is faster dandelion."
"Why was 2019 afraid of 2020?

Because the last time they got into a fight, 2021."
"Bruce Willis intends to keep making action movies because you know what they say about old habits..."
"What do you call a fear of giants?

Fee-Fi-Phobia."
"My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer. I said, 'No, wait! I can change.'"
DO NOT spell the word part backwards. It's a trap.
"What trait do you like the most about yourself?

My sense of direction. I'm always going the right way... unless I'm lost."
"I just got over my addiction to chocolate, marshmallows, and nuts. I won't lie, it was a Rocky Road."
"If a train station is where the train stops, what is a workstation?

A place where work stops!"
"I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time."
"Why are French snails the fastest in the world? L'ess cargo."
"When I took out a former love interest for dinner, I guess I...

FedEx?"
"How did Mr. Cheese paint his wife?

He Double Gloucester."
"My wife was disappointed when she found out why my friends call me The Love Machine. It's because I suck at tennis."
"When I was young, I was adopted by a man named Daz.

He's my non-biological father."
"I kinda miss people complaining about the color of a coffee cup."
"Police have recovered a set of stolen golf clubs and arrested one man, but are still looking for the driver."
People who can't distinguish between etymology and entomology bug me in ways I cannot put into words.
"I'm having a hard time deciding whether I should throw away my old pillow.

I think I'll sleep on it."
"My daughter asked, 'What's a light year?'

I said, 'It's like a regular year but lower in calories.'"
"Be the reason someone smiles today...

or drinks...

or laughs—it’s the best medicine!"
"Every time I get greedy and take more than my fair share, I break out in hives. I must be allergic to selfish."
"I was in a restaurant in Paris and ordered the Napoleon Chicken. When the dish arrived, I was surprised to find very little meat on it, and it was mainly carcass. I asked the waiter why, and he said, 'We only use the Boneypart.'"
"You're telling me that Julius Caesar... who has been dead for well over 70 years... made this salad?"
"I'm deathly afraid of elevators. I take a lot of steps to avoid them."
"I wanted to become a monk, but I never got the chants."
"Knock knock

brain: don't say it
don't say it
don't say it
don't say it
don't say it

Who's there?

mind: please don't say it...

Doctor

mind: dammit!...

brain: don't say it
don't say it
don't say it
don't say it
don't say it

Doctor Who?"
"I'm not a competitive person. I'm always the first to admit it."
"Tried to buy a neutron the other day.

Guy behind the counter just gave it to me—no charge."
"What happened to the wooden car with wooden wheels and wooden engine? It wooden go!"
"Noses run in my family."
"A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory."
"I can hear music coming out of my printer.
I think the paper's jammin' again."
"What do prisoners use to call each other?
Cell phones."
"Jesus was a Carpenter, but he never actually sang on any of their albums..."
"You can get a girl to go out with you if you give her tonic water.
You'll Schwep her off her feet!"
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?
Because they make up everything!"
"What do you call a chicken in a shell suit?
An egg."
"In the confusion during a past solar eclipse, a car wreck occurred between two actors named Doris and Ted.
Day turned into Knight."
"Does refusing to go to the gym count as resistance training?"
"What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison?
A small medium at large."
"My wife and her family all say I'm paranoid. At least I'm pretty sure that's what they're all saying behind my back."
"A teacher asks a student, 'Are you ignorant or just apathetic?' The kid answers, 'I don't know and I don't care.'"
"A psychopath takes his date for a walk through the forest.

She cuddles close and says, 'This is a dark and scary place.'

He replies, “You think that's bad? I have to walk back alone!'"
"Why was King Arthur's army too tired to fight? It had too many sleepless knights."
"What do we want?

TIME TRAVEL!

When do we want it?

LAST THURSDAY!!!"
"I think it's wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly."
"The wedding was so emotional.

Even the cake was in tiers."
"My old English teacher used to fail us just for not using the active voice. He was very passive-aggressive."
"Wherever you go, there you are."
"I know it's a poor excuse...

But as a teen, I couldn't do anything about my acne."
"A father in Iraq gifted his daughter a new bag. The daughter replied, 'Thanks for the Baghdad.'"
"My pregnant wife asked me if I was worried the temperature would be too hot for the baby inside her.

I said: Nope. It's always womb temperature."
"When I was young I wanted to play the guitar really badly.

After years of hard work, practice, and determination, I can play the guitar really badly."
"If you think that working with fractions is easier than working with decimals...

You're missing the point."
"Occasionally I wake up grumpy.

But most of the time I just tip-toe out of the bedroom and leave her."
"My wife just called: Three girls in my office just received flowers, and they're absolutely gorgeous.

I replied: That's probably why they received flowers."
"What is a pumpkin's circumference divided by a pumpkin's diameter? Pumpkin Pi..."
"Went to a disgusting pub called The Fiddle.

It was a vile inn."
"I was trying to make cheese edibles, but not much of the THC made it into the cheese... it was stolen the next day. It was high whey robbery."
"What do fish smoke to get high?

Reef-ah."
"FUN FACT: If you sneeze and fart at the same time... Your body takes a screenshot."
"Good bakers use real butter so that there is no margarine for error."
"Dogs can't operate MRI machines,
but catscan."
"Saw a man standing on one leg at an ATM. Confused, I asked him what he was doing...
He said he was just checking his balance."
"Why did the picture go to jail? It was framed."
"What's a mathematician's favorite Christmas snack?
A mince pi."
"I've just been to see the meerkats at the zoo. How disappointing!
They know nothing at all about car insurance."
"I have a friend who makes Dad jokes, but he doesn't have any kids.
He's a faux pa."
"What did the plumber say to his wife? It's over. Flo."
"Stan Lee.
Sad he died,
but at least he lived a Marvellous life!"
"If you're here for the yodeling lesson... Please form an orderly orderly orderly queue."
"If Bill Gates had a penny for every time he reboots my computer... Oh wait, he does."
The number of people who confuse 'to' and 'too' is amazing two me.
"I asked my wife if I was the only one she's been with.

She said I was, the others had all been at least 7s or 8s."
"Why does ketchup always have good vision? Because Heinz sight is always 20/20."
"I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey,

but I turned myself around."
"Me: I'm having a great day apart from Newpussycat...

Friend: What's Newpussycat?

Me: Whoaaah whoaaah whoooaaaah"
"Breaking News: A mass fight has broken out at a gas station.

23 People arrested in Total!"
"Me: What's the Wi-Fi password?

Barman: You need to buy a drink first.

Me: Okay, I'll have a Coke.

Barman: Is Pepsi okay?

Me: Sure, how much is that?

Barman: $3.

Me: There you go. So what's the Wi-Fi password?

Barman: You need to buy a drink first. No spaces, all lowercase!"
"I ate my exam paper. Which means that pretty soon I'll pass the test."
"The guy who stole my diary has died.

My thoughts are with his family."
"Just sold all my John Lennon merchandise on eBay.
Imagine all the PayPal..."
"Farmer: I love my job.
Wife: But all you do all day is round up cows.
Farmer: What did you say to me?
Wife: You herd.

You were expecting an outstanding in your field joke, weren't you!"
"Golfer: 'I'd move heaven and earth to break 100 on this course.'
Caddy: 'Try heaven; you've already moved most of the earth.'"
"What's got 8 eyes and 8 legs?
8 pirates."
"What lies on the ground 100 feet in the air?
A dead centipede."
"To ride a horse or not to ride a horse. That is equestrian."
"I wanted to become a doctor, but I didn't have the patients."
"I answered the door this morning.
Felt like a complete idiot when I realized it hadn't said anything..."
"I told my computer I needed a break, and it gave me a Kit-Kat."
"Who delivers presents to baby sharks at Christmas?
Santa Jaws!"
"In 55 A.D., a doctor operated on the emperor of Rome. He was the world's first Nerosurgeon."
What do you call a group of mountains? Hilarious.
"I saw my ex-wife across the museum hall, but I felt too self-conscious to say hello.

There was just too much history between us."
"I found out you can order replacement mannequin legs on Amazon...

They make great stocking stuffers."
"I thought I saw a flying German sausage, but it turned out to be a seabird. I took a tern for the wurst."
"I have a joke about floors, but it's beneath you…"
"Which member of ABBA was the oldest? Bjorn. It's easy to remember because he was Bjorn before the others."
"My wife just stopped and said, 'You weren't even listening, were you?' I thought, 'That's a pretty weird way to start a conversation.'"
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field."
"On the instructions of my ready meal it says rest for 5 minutes once cooked. But I'm not at all tired."
"Knock knock.

Who's there?

Dejav.

Dejav who?

Knock knock."
"I couldn't understand why I saw corn every time I turned around. Then I realized it was stalking me!"
"I saw a sports car being driven by a scantily clad sheep...

It was a lamb bikini."
"Interviewer: Your resume says you take things too literally.
Me: When the hell did my resume learn to talk?"
"I'm looking for a one-night stand...

Maybe two. I have a lot of books."
"I have this weird talent where I can identify what's inside a wrapped present.

It's a gift."
"I accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes.

Now I have Heinzsight."
"My buddy filled an entire swimming pool with herbs. He had a lot of thyme on his hands."
"Have you ever tried blindfolded archery?

You don't know what you're missing."
"What word starts with e, ends with e, and only has one letter in it?

Envelope."
"I hate how funerals are always at 9 or 10 a.m. I'm not a mourning person."
"What do you call two chips in love? A relationchip."
"What do you call a waffle you dropped on the beach?

Sandy Eggo."
"I went to the doctor yesterday, and he says I'm paranoid. Who else has he told?"
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat...
What do you call a safe home for turtles? A shellter.
"What does a female snake use for support?

A co-bra."
"My pet mouse Elvis died last night...

He was caught in a trap."
"I'm addicted to collecting Beatles albums...

I need Help!"
"What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray."
"What do you call a musical puppy?
A subwoofer."
"A person who ends his sentences with a preposition is someone I'm not a fan of."
"Quasimodo goes to the pub and says, 'Scotch whisky, please.'
Barman says, 'Bell's alright?'
Quasi says, 'Mind your own business.'"
"My wife said she would stay with me if I promised to stop singing Oasis songs.
I said, 'Maybe.'"
"How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
I'll tell you later."
"Thinking about the fall and winter holidays, I have just one thought:
Halloween's for pretending you're a monster,
And Christmas is for pretending you're not."
"How many animals can jump higher than a skyscraper?
All of them. Skyscrapers can't jump."
"What do Brexit and a bad breakup have in common?
Both make you feel like you lost a lot of space."
"Why did the detective visit the conservatory?
To get a clue-d!"
"My friend just told me that he can print a gun using a 3D printer, but I'm not impressed.
I've had a Canon printer for years."
"I tried to catch some fog.
I mist."
"What did the hat say to the scarf?
You hang around while I go on ahead."
"I have a tax joke, but it's been spent."
"My friend gave me a terrible thesaurus.
It was terrible."
"What kind of car did the electrician drive?
A volts-wagon."
"You know what rhymes with Friday?
Rum."
"I asked my wife why she married me.
She said, 'Because you're really funny.'
I said, 'I thought it was because I'm good in bed.'
She said, 'See? You're hilarious.'"
"I bought a blindfold yesterday. I'm not sure why; I can't see myself wearing it."
"I've just invented a new golf ball that will go in the hole if it gets within 4 inches.
Note to self: Do NOT put them in the back pocket."
"My friend has opened up an ice rink charging just 10 cents a go.
Cheap skate."
"You know it's cold outside
when you walk outside
and it's cold.
I wrote a haiku."
"Did you know that dwarfs only grow to be 3 feet tall?
It's a gnome fact."
"What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common?
Same middle name."
"Why do scuba divers always fall backward out of the boat?
Because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat."
"What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver?
The bad golfer goes: Wham! Damn!
The bad skydiver goes: Damn! Wham!"
"My wife told me she thought we'd have fewer arguments if I wasn't so pedantic.
I told her I think you mean fewer."
"I asked my friend why he never tells jokes at weddings.
He said, 'It's a marriage made in heaven.'"
"Did you hear about the guy who invented the door knocker?
He won the no-bell prize."
"Humans are born with four kidneys.
When they grow up, two of them become adult knees."
"Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough..."
"At my last job interview, I was asked what my greatest weakness was. I said honesty. The interviewer said, 'I don't think honesty is a weakness.' I replied, 'I don't care what you think.'"
"I keep imagining I'm holding an invisible pack of cards.

No one knows what I'm dealing with."
"My wife crashed the car while listening to Adele last night.

She ended up rolling in the Jeep."
"They said I couldn't bring outside snacks into the theater.

But I've got a few Twix up my sleeve!"
"My dog gets hair on the couch and chairs like he's proud of it! On the other hand...

it is Fur-niture..."
"The puns are lovely, dark, and deep,
and all my chuckles are for free,
and there are smiles and glee
but miles to go before I sleep."
"I made some fish tacos last night.

The ingrates just ignored them and swam away."
"Math puns are the first sine of madness!"
"PSA Of The Day:

Always put your left foot on the floor last in the morning

so you start your day off on the right foot!"
"After Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear reactor disaster in 2011, entomologists found the formerly loquacious local insects had fallen silent.

Mute ants."
"I never thought I would be the type of person who would get up early in the morning to exercise...

:D I was right! :D"
"I bought a bed from a place called the Bed Shed because they claimed they stand behind everything they sell...
After that experience, I gotta say it's more than a little creepy..."
"Sometimes I talk to myself when I'm alone, and it's kinda sad.
Me too."
"I told my wife it doesn't matter if her cup is half empty or half full...
The point is that she needs to buy a new bra."
"My wife gets angry that I keep introducing her as my ex-girlfriend."
"My wife hated my impulse purchase of a new revolving chair. But then she sat in it. Eventually, she came around."
"How warm is a baby just before their birth?
Womb temperature."
"My favorite butcher links their own sausage, to make ends meat..."
"What do you call a woman that can't draw?
Tracy"
"I have a vacuum cleaner joke, but it sucks."
"I just found out my friend has a secret life as a priest.

It's his altar ego."
"There once was a man from Nantucket

Who kept all his cash in a bucket.

But his daughter, named Nan,

Ran away with a man

And as for the bucket, well, Nantucket."
"I'm pretty sick of the right-wing mantra 'If you don't like it here, leave.' If the roof of your house leaks, you don't leave—you put in the work and money to fix it. We don't dislike it; we need to fix what's wrong with it!"
"How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?

A Brazilian."
"The difference between a dad joke and a hubby joke is a dad joke is apparent, and full groan."
My wife said I could try lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward for me.
"Why is it good luck to say 'break a leg' to an actor?

Because every play needs a cast."
"I've been taking Viagra for my sunburn. It doesn't cure it, but it keeps the sheets off my legs."
"Of all my body parts, my fingers are the most reliable. I can always count on them."
"What did the mountain climber name his son?

Cliff."
"We argued all day about what to call a medieval soldier. But it was getting late, so we called it a knight."
Where did the frog go for a quick loan? The Pond Shop!
"My granddaughter went to the dentist.

It was a demolarizing experience."
"Things we didn’t do:
- Start the fire
- Shoot the deputy

Things we did do:
- Tried to fight it
- Shot the Sheriff
- Built this city on Rock and Roll

Things we will do:
- Survive
- Rock You

Things we won’t do:
- Get fooled again
- Back Down
- That
- Give You Up
- Let you down
- Desert you"
"How many ears does Captain Kirk have?

Three.

A left ear, a right ear, and a final front ear."
"My cousin has box seats for the Super Bowl.
He paid $6K a ticket not knowing it would be on his wedding day.
He's looking for someone to take his place.

It's at St. John Church, in Clio at 3 pm.
Her name's Ashley. She's 5'2', with red hair.
She'll be the one in the white dress."
"I saw a robbery at the Apple Store today. They caught the guy and told me I'm the iWitness.

Turns out the guy could FaceTime..."
"Why isn't a dash cam called a kaleidoscope?

Because it doesn't give you a colorful view of your driving mistakes!"
"As a new dad, one of my boy's diapers needed changing, so I went to the men's room. I opened the diaper changer, put him on it, and closed it up.
I had no idea how long I was supposed to wait before it was done...
I was really disappointed; those things don't work at all!"
"I took my truck into the shop today.
Apparently, the seal on my differential is leaking, and I'll have to have it removed..."
"Vowels Rated
Stand? You
Blame: my friends"
"Admiral: Fire at will!
Me: What did Will do?"
"A rabbi walks into a bar with a cat perched on his shoulder.
Bartender says:
'Hey! That's cute. Where did you find him?'
'Israel,' the cat replied. 'They're EVERYWHERE!'"
"Being a little older, I am very fortunate to have someone call and check on me every day.
He's from India, and he's very concerned about my car warranty."
"Just been to the library. The lady next to me accused me of stealing her thesaurus. I was astounded, flabbergasted, aghast, appalled, astonished, dismayed..."
"While driving to work, robbers jumped into my car and stole everything.
They were pirates of the car I be in."
"If a young deer in the woods learned to use all four hooves equally well...
are they bambidextrous?"
"What's the difference between a red apple and a green apple?
They are both red except for the green one!"
"My favorite childhood memory is building sandcastles with my grandfather...

until my mother took the urn from me…"
"What do you call a girl on a swing with no arms?

Sarah.

Knock Knock

Who's there?

Not Sarah!"
"I accidentally took my cat's meds last night.

Don't ask meow."
"What's the scariest plant there is?

BamBOO!"
"Just bought a first-aid kit.

I thought I would treat myself."
"A box of cereal goes to the barber. The barber says, 'Let me guess, you'd like a bowl cut?'"
Why did the Minion get new banana peels for his birthday? He needed some new slippers!
"I showed the damaged remains of my suitcase to my lawyer and said, 'I want to sue the airline!'

He responded, 'You don't have much of a case!'"
"As I get older, my memory isn't as great as it used to be...

I asked my wife if the Declaration of Independence was written in Philly or Boston...

She told me... it was written in ink!"
"The formula to measure the area of a pun... is length times wit!"
"How does a liberal change a lightbulb?

They simply hold the new bulb and wait for the world to revolve around them."
"What do you call firefighters who become influencers?

Stop, Drop, and Roll Models!"
"What do you call a runway walk of firefighting uniforms?

Stop, Drop, and Roll Models!"
"I just started reading a book called 'Swimming the English Channel.'

By: Francis Near."
"I've lived my entire life being absolutely sure I'd never get a call from a vegetable...

Then BOOM!

Onion Rings!"
"I had my leg amputated as a child.

They took one of my kid knees!"
"Today was a hard day...
I fell off a 50-foot ladder at work!

Fortunately, I was only on the first rung."
"John: *Writes Revelations* Lord, the end is signaled by trumpets?

God: No, Trump/Pence.

John: Right, trumpets.

God: It's fine, they'll figure it out..."
"Procrastination is a wait problem."
"My uncle works on a farm.
He got laryngitis...

Now he's a hoarse whisperer."
"Ewoks aren't meant to be left outside...

They are Endor pets."
"I just bought a Humpty Dumpty toy from Aldi.

It comes with Aldi king's horses and Aldi king's men!"
"Most people can't even begin to imagine the struggle of the tallyman tallying bananas...

But he's counting on it!"
"My little boy just asked me, 'Dad, how is progress possible if our growth is stunted by perpetual tribalism and xenophobia?'

I was at a loss for words... I had no idea German Shepherds were THAT smart!"
"I'm writing a play:

Act 1.

Scene 1:

'Once a pun a time...'"
"Where did Lucy go after the bombing?

Everywhere..."
"I know many of you have heard about the constipated accountant who had to work it out with a pencil...

Apparently there's more to the story though.

Turns out he just couldn't budget!"
"I was gonna go to the store for some guacamole...

I don't avocado!"
"I got pulled over and told the cop, 'You can't write me a ticket, I have a marathon to run tomorrow.'

The cop took one look at me and said, 'Sir, that's not how you play the race card.'"
"My neighbor suggested I put some cow manure on my strawberries.

I tried it...

But I'm going back to whipped cream!"
"I remember going on a job interview.

They asked me if I could type fast.

I told them I could, as well as a bunch of other words!"
"I've been in bed for 20 minutes now, and I just remembered...

I only came in here for a pen..."
"Why was six afraid of seven?

Because seven eight (ate) nine!"
"I have a list of jokes I call my Catalyst.

It's a list of jokes I tell my cat.

Blame the guy who thought cats could appreciate humor."
"Magician: I can make anything disappear.

Tom: *Holding up cup* Do it to my tea.

Magician: *waves hand* Done!

Tom: *Holding up cup* It didn't work."
"I'm the number 2 guy at my local zoo.

(I clean up after the horses.)"
"It's okay if you fall apart sometimes.

Tacos fall apart sometimes, and we still love them!"
"My wife tried to upset me saying my puns are cheesy.

But I didn't cheddar tear; I didn't give Edam.

I know, I know—I'm just a munster!"
"My problem is I'm mature and childish.

I'm mildish..."
"The difference between Superman and me is...

Superman has super vision.

I require supervision!"
"Spiderman from an alternate universe aced his driving test
because he is an excellent parallel Parker!!"
"Zombies can track you like a bloodhound, even though they have no nose!

No nose? How do they smell?

Awful!"
"Mandatory temperature screenings will be required for fans attending the Foreigner reunion concert.

If you're hot blooded, they'll check it and see."
"I accidentally left my Virginia Is For Lovers T-shirt in a laundromat years ago.

I guess I was 21

when I lost my Virginia tee."
"Why do vampires bite people in the neck?

Because they are necromancers!"
"Let's just stop with the yo mama jokes.

They are old, stupid,

and have been done by literally everyone

hundreds of times!

Just like yo mama..."
"I made a website for orphans like myself.

It doesn't have a home page..."
"Me: Medium Oreo Blizzard, please.

Attendant: Want a spoon with that?

Me: That sounds great but I’m married and my wife wouldn't approve.

So that's why they won't let me back in Dairy Queen."
"She was only a stableman's daughter, but all the horse manure."
"I had a friend named Henry, but he spelled it Hen7ry — the 7 is silent."
"If you give a man a duck, he can eat for a day.

If you teach a man to duck...

He will never walk into a bar!"
"Do people in electric cars listen to AC/DC...

Or something current?"
"Paul McCartney has been disqualified from the marathon.

He was 'Banned On The Run!'"
"Just blocked someone for correcting my grammar, and it felt good."
Do the people who do triathlons know they don't have to?
"Today I asked my wife if our kids were spoiled.

She just smiled at me and said, 'All kids smell that way.'"
"Those who confuse burro and burrow don't know their ass from a hole in the ground..."
"You never know what's up my sleeve...

Today, for example, it was a dryer sheet!"
"My doctor told me my prostate was good.

I was deeply touched."
"Why doesn't James Bond fart in bed?

It would blow his cover..."
"You know, if it weren't for physics and law enforcement,
I'd be unstoppable!"
"Gentlemen, if she is:
-clean
-visually pleasant
-does all sorts of work and runs errands happily for you
-is not hard to read
-is easy to work with in any situation
-dates you knowing that you dated her siblings
She is not your girlfriend,

she is Python 3."
"If you spell 'Absolutely Nothing' backwards, you get 'Gnihton YletulosbA,'
which means Absolutely Nothing."
"If your son builds staircases,
is it safe to say
you have a step-son?"
"I love the phrase 'bear with me'
because it either means 'be patient'
or
'the zoo heist was a success.'"
"I decided to trace the ancestry of the frog I bought.
Turns out this species of frog is English, French,
and a tad pole..."
"I'm going to take a hot shower.
That's like a normal shower,
but with me in it!"
"No one ever seems to realize that when someone says, 'The last thing I want to do is hurt you,' it basically implies that there is a list, and hurting you is on it somewhere!"
"Talking to my granddaughter: 'What'd you learn today in school?'
Her: 'Not enough. I have to go back tomorrow.'"
"I am a human being, the top of the food chain, earth's alpha predator!
Wasp: 'Buzz off!'
Me: 'Yep! OK then!'"
"Why does Donald Trump cry after sex?

Mostly it's the pepper spray..."
"Been kind of an odd day. First, I found a hat full of money, then some guy with a guitar chased me for like four blocks before I got away. Some days you just can't tell what's gonna happen next!"
"Old MacDonald had a dolphin
E-E-E-E-E"
"We all should be nicer to the people who wear glasses,
they literally paid money to see you!"
"The formula to measure the area of a pun is

Length times wit!"
"I owned a submarine shop once, but it went under."
"Don't you hate it when you thought you had a good idea, and then
just as they're putting the cuffs on..."
"If my calculations are correct, switching to Geico from Allstate, then transferring your policy to State Farm, then switching to Progressive...

Insurance will be free!"
"Today I told my car it's okay for it to tell me if it's a transformer.

It didn't answer.

I figure it's just waiting for the right moment..."
"I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough, so I decided to rise to the occasion in comedy."
"Friend: What's your idea of the perfect date?

Me: MM/DD/YYYY I find other formats to be confusing."
"I found out I'm getting old today, when I went into an antique store...

and they wouldn't let me leave!"
"I joined a dating site.

It's for people my age...

they call it carbon dating."
"Apparently, when the police make you take a breathalyzer test,

you're not supposed to inhale and pass it back to the cop!"
"I used to be a heavy smoker...

I even smoked when I went jogging... which was stupid, of course...

so I quit

jogging."
"You should see how easily I can put enchantments on kitchen work surfaces. Then again, I've always been good at performing counter spells."
"I can't stand people who take drugs! (like the police, the DEA, the narcs!)"
"A friend wanted to start collecting dogs. So, I gave him a couple of pointers."
Why is tamales pronounced 'ta-mah-les' but females is pronounced 'fee-males' instead of 'feh-mah-les'?
"It is really unfortunate that Islam, Christianity, and Judaism have been fighting each other for centuries.

Hindus, on the other hand, never had any beef."
"Scientist: I just boiled water
Me: SOLID!
Scientist: No...
Me: I just mean that's cool!
Scientist: WRONG AGAIN"
"Inside jokes are always the best because they're temperature controlled!"
"I hate it when TV shows say they contain 'Adult Situations' but then don't show anyone going to work, paying their bills, or cleaning up after the kids!"
"When are clocks supposed to go back again?
I forgot where I bought mine..."
"I renewed my car insurance over the phone this morning, and as I was about to hang up the woman on the other end asked if I had a pet.
I said, 'Yes, I've got a cat.'
She said, 'Would you like to insure her too?'
I said, 'No thanks, she can't drive!'"
"Here's a reminder before you lose your mind today...
They don't serve alcohol in prison!"
"Having a discussion with my family about my final disposition, the arguments were between cremation and burial.
By the time it was done I had convinced them to let me live!"
"Quick animal fact:
Most bobcats are not named Bob."
"I just saw a sign 'Laser hair removal.' Why would anyone want to remove their laser hair? Laser hair would be awesome!"
"Someone found a mouse in the bottom of their McDonald's coffee...
Apparently, someone tried to slip them a Mickey."
"Napoleon and his wife are buried next to each other.
They're only a bone apart..."
"In Soviet Russia,
dissenting thoughts
are not aloud."
"A Republican visited a nursing home looking for votes. He asked an elderly lady, 'Do you know who I am?'
She replied, 'No, but if you go to the front desk, they'll tell you.'"