"Who came between Mr. D and Mr. F? It's a Mr. E..."
"A woodworker known as Tom Little

Is carving himself a new fiddle

And how does he make

This awesome keepsake?

He works on it whittle by whittle!"
"My biology teacher grew human vocal cords from stem cells in the lab.

The results speak for themselves."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"How does the guy who drives the snowplow get to work in the mornings?"
"I was having trouble fastening my seatbelt...
...and then it just clicked."
"I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K, and 1MB.
That was a trip down memory lane!"
"Why was Darth Vader referred to as Lord Vader?
Because Master Vader made the stormtroopers giggle..."
"Know why the football coach went to the bank?
To get his quarterback..."
"Want to know Quasimodo's favorite Christmas song?
Jingle Bells!"
"I appreciate people whose sense of humor can be described as:
Inappropriate with a chance of ruining family dinner."
"What did the noodle say when they left the room?
Pasta-la-vista, baby..."
"My wife is complaining that I'm too impulsive. How would she know!? We only met yesterday!"
"Some kids are outside playing with live wires.
I think they should be grounded."
"I was driving on the highway with my wife, and she said, 'Hey, you missed a right!' I said, 'Thanks, babe. You MRS Right.'"
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
I am unique. Just like everybody else.
Anyone know how to fix a harpsichord? Mine's baroque.
"Why do painters never feel cold?

Because they always add more coats when needed."
"The little cookie was upset because her mom was a wafer so long."
"I'm sure my buddy Dave is having an affair with my wife.

He's been miserable lately..."
"My son wants a porcupine without quills as a house pet. I said, 'That's completely pointless.'"
This morning I was beaten up by a busty woman in an elevator. I was staring at her boobs and she told me to press one. So I did...and woke up on the floor.
What do you call a murderer who only poisons your breakfast? A cereal killer.
"I can't get to the chocolate in my advent calendar.

Foiled again."
"I adopted a dog from a blacksmith.

As soon as I got him home, he made a bolt for the door!"
"If a word in the dictionary were misspelled, how would we know?"
The main function of the little toe on your foot is to make sure that all the furniture in the house is in its place.
"I've asked my wife to polish my medieval battle uniform tonight...

She always said she wanted a knight in shining armor."
"Slightly peeved that the makers of the shampoo, Head & Shoulders...

...have not followed up with a body wash called Knees & Toes."
"I have a feng shui joke but I can't place it."
"My friend and I started a business where we weigh tiny objects.

It's a small-scale operation."
"If you boil a funny bone...

It becomes a laughing stock."
"Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah."
"Today I yelled into a colander. I strained my voice."
"Shout out to anyone who doesn't know what the opposite of in is."
"I have a profound fear of speed bumps...

but I'm slowly getting over it."
"I threw a party for all the workers who helped build my house.

The door guy showed up late...

but he really knew how to make an entrance."
"What happened when gravity was first turned on? Things really went down."
"I've been really busy teaching hobbits how to play baseball. Bilbo's good at catching, but he can't really Frodo!"
"I used to know how to make those little fizzy candies, but then I forgot...

So I went on a Refresher course!"
"I let my son wear a sports jersey today. So far he's been kicked, punched, and spit at... It'll be interesting to see what happens when he leaves the house."
"How long does someone have to be dead before it's considered archaeology instead of grave robbing?

Asking for a friend..."
"I started a band called 999 Megabytes...

We still haven't gotten a gig yet."
"If we add Puerto Rico, Guam, and DC as states, we can truly be one nation indivisible...
53, you see... is a prime number."
"My boss at Pixar and I got into a fight over our lack of new movies.
But then we made Up."
"Today's top fact: 50% of Canada is A."
"At first, I didn't like my new haircut...
After I let them cut the rest of them,
it started to grow on me."
"I made a pizza with liver. Nobody liked it...
So I had to deliver it."
"Ironically...
If you vote for the Green Party, you will waste a piece of paper."
"Some people go into martial arts just for kicks."
"How many tropical birds does it take to screw in a light bulb? Toucan."
"I have a bumper sticker that says honk if you think I'm sexy.
Then I just sit at green lights until I feel better about myself."
"A pessimist sees a dark tunnel.
An optimist sees light at the end of the tunnel.
A realist sees a freight train.
The train driver sees three idiots standing on the track."
"I've decided to marry a pencil.
I can't wait to introduce you all to my bride 2B."
"Why did the monkey and Jane fight over Tarzan?
Because they heard that he swings both ways."
"I ordered a chicken and an egg off of Amazon.
I'll let you know which comes first."
"How does a penguin build its house?
Igloos it together."
"My wife told me to stop singing Wonderwall.
I said maybe."
"Waiter, this coffee tastes like mud!
Yes sir, it's fresh ground."
"What's the difference between a jeweler and a jailer?
One sells watches while the other watches cells."
"Why don't cows make good accountants?
Because they can't handle the moo-lah!"
"I farted in a packed elevator today!
I knew it was wrong on so many levels."
"I couldn't understand why my dog was motionless...
Then I realized...
he was on paws."
"A dog gave birth to puppies on the road...

A cop cited her for littering."
"For some singing groups, an encore is re-choired."
I convinced my wife to abandon her veganism by going cold turkey.
"I failed my driver's test today.

The instructor asked me, 'What do you do at a red light?'

I said, 'I usually check my emails and see what people are up to on social media.'"
"I have a drag racing joke, but I can't keep track of it."
"If you were a child when 'Red Red Wine' was released...

... you're UB40ish now."
"Officer: 'Know why I was following you?'

Me: 'Because I already have 45,000 friends, and you think I'm funny?' (I'm gonna need bail money.)"
"There's only one rule in learning English.

Their our know rules."
"People say the back of my head looks really nice. But I don't see it."
"What do you call a funny mosquito?

Malarious!"
"Where do birds meet for coffee? Nest-café."
"Cats named One-Two-Three and Un-Deux-Trois tried to swim the river.
One-Two-Three made it just fine,
but Un-Deux-Trois cat sank."
"Do you ever count your steps when you walk?
I tried, but then I lost count and tripped over my own feet."
"Chocolate comes from cocoa, which is a tree.
That makes it a plant.
Therefore, chocolate is salad.
Salads are on everyone's diet! (You're welcome!)"
"I've got an addiction to Cheddar cheese.
It's only mild though."
"Turning vegan is a big missed steak."
"I can't figure out why Marvel hasn't put any advertisements on the Incredible Hulk.
He's basically a giant banner."
"'You're so childish!' screamed my wife.
'Why do you always have to use that stupid walkie-talkie with your stupid friends?! This is ridiculous, this relationship is over!'
This relationship is what? Over!"
"The guy who owns the local cinema has died.
His funeral is on Monday at 12:10, 2:20, and 6:40."
"What do you call a modest insect? A humble bee."
"For those of you asking:

Do you know where my jokes come from?

I get them from my Dad-a-base..."
"I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang.

Eventually, it came back to me."
"I told the doctor I felt like a deck of playing cards... He said he'd deal with me later."
"Nothing embarrasses a psychic more than throwing them a surprise party."
"My friend fell in a river in Egypt last week, but swears he didn't. He's in De Nile."
Why is 'beef' a bad password? It's not stroganoff.
"I was fired from my job when I asked a customer if they wanted smoking or non-smoking. Apparently, the correct terms are cremation or burial."
"What did 50 Cent do when he was hungry? 58."
"There's a gang going through our town, systematically shoplifting clothes in size order.

The police believe they're still at large."
"I watched my first adult film the other day.



I was so much younger then."
"[Interview] What are your strengths?

Me: I fall in love easily.

Okay... what are your weaknesses?

Me: Those blue eyes of yours."
"I farted in Burger King.

It was an absolute Whopper."
"I keep falling off my bike and injuring myself.

It's a really vicious cycle."
"Women really know how to hold a grudge over the smallest things. My wife asked me to pass her the lip balm, and by mistake, I gave her a tube of Super Glue. It's been a week now and she's still not talking to me."
"Thoughts from the desk of someone with a terrible cold...
An empty tissue box...
is nothing to sneeze at..."
"My wife always yells at me for not knowing how to properly season my food, but I don't mind. I take it with a pinch of sugar."
"My son tried to change the time back...
But not on my watch."
"This morning I tried to catch some fog.
Mist."
"Who stole the soap from the bathtub?
The Robber Ducky."
"Haunted French pancakes give me
The Crepes..."
"You're living, you occupy space, and you have mass. You know what that means?
You matter!"
"Nobody talks about the miracle of Jesus having 12 close friends in his 30s..."
"A vulture boards a plane, carrying two dead raccoons. The stewardess looks and says, 'Sorry, sir, only one carrion per passenger.'"
I sat next to a baby for a 10-hour flight. I didn't think it was possible for someone to scream for 10 hours straight. Even the baby was impressed I pulled it off.
I have no Monet for Degas to make the Van Gogh because I'm Baroque.
"Not making any plans today, so the word 'premeditated' won't start getting thrown around the courtroom..."
"Studies show that fertility is hereditary.
If your parents didn't have children, chances are, you won't either."
"I went to the doctor's recently. He said, 'Don't eat anything fatty.'
I said, 'What, like bacon and burgers?'
He said, 'No, fatty. Don't eat anything.'"
"Always good to remember...
Quote of the day:
Never grab hot stuff without protection."
"I was charged and convicted of being narcissistic.

I'm appealing."
"What do you call a wolf that has things figured out? Aware wolf."
"I'm flying to India to try their famous sandwiches.

Everyone's talking about their New Delhi."
"People say circumcision doesn't hurt, but I disagree.

I was circumcised when I was born, and I couldn't walk for over a year."
"If someone throws a brick at you, are you mortarly wounded?"
"I told my friend I swallowed two bits of string, and when I pooped them out, they were tied together! He didn't believe me and said, 'You're lying.' I said...

It's the truth, I shit you knot."
"5/4 of people admit that they're bad with fractions."
"My wife saw me sneezing in the bathroom and said it's gross. I said, it's snot!"
"What do you call a sidewalk that doesn't care where it's going?

A pathy."
"I have a Russian friend who's a sound technician.

And a Czech one too.

A Czech one too."
"Smoking weed will get you high.
Reading will get you educated.
So it follows, reading while smoking gets you highly educated!"
"How did the pirate get his ship so cheap? It was on sail."
"A guy goes into a pet shop and asks for a wasp. 'We don't sell wasps,' says the pet shop owner. 'Well, there's one in the window!'"
"Yeah, baby, I am an animal in bed!
Specifically a koala... I sleep for 22 hours a day."
"Doc, I think I have a serious issue. A piece of lettuce is sticking out of my butt!'
Doc: 'I'm afraid that's just the tip of the iceberg."
"Home is where the dog hair sticks to everything but the dog..."
"Which way did the programmer go?
He went data way!"
"My friend eats fluorescent bulbs. Says they're a light snack."
"What do you call an illegally parked frog?
Towed..."
"Do German cats have multiple lives?
Nein."
"I like jokes. But jokes about air conditioners?

Not a fan."
"A boxer complains to his doctor about insomnia.

Doc: Have you tried counting sheep?

Boxer: Yes, but whenever I get to 9, I stand up."
"My neighbor with big boobs has been gardening topless all day. I just wish his wife would do the same."
"I saw Arnold Schwarzenegger eating a chocolate egg. I said, 'I bet I know what your favorite festival is.' He replied, 'Have to love Easter, baby.'"
"Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the Earth for 24 hours.

They decided to call it a day."
"'I have a split personality,' said Tom, being frank."
Why did the sad ghost use an elevator? To lift his spirits.
"An atheist, a Crossfitter, and a vegan walk into a bar.

I know because they told me."
"I asked who wanted a pizza me and got socked in the face by an Italian.

But that's now in the pasta.

Cannoli be uphill from here."
"After a long time, I told my hot coworker how I felt. Turns out she felt the same way.

So I turned on the air conditioning."
"Why did 7 eat 9? Because you're supposed to eat 3 squared meals a day."
"I was helping my dad with construction. He told me to get the hammer, but I accidentally gave him the drill. He said I could have nailed it, but I screwed up."
"Back in January, I got a text from my wife: Windows frozen!

I texted back, 'Just pour some warm water over it.'

A few minutes later, she replied: 'Well, the computer's totally broken now!'"
"Never get in a fight with a T-rex. You'll get jurasskicked."
"My therapist told me that I have trouble interpreting social cues. I think she's in love with me."
"Everything's great in your digestive system.

Until it hits your stomach, then it all turns to crap."
"If someone made a movie of your life, would it be a drama, a comedy, a romantic-comedy, an action film, or science fiction?"
"If the Earth was flat and fish swam over the edge, where would they go? Trouter space."
"I put a wooden desk and a blackboard in my living room.

To make it look more classy."
"An invisible man marries an invisible woman.

The kids were nothing to look at either."
"There's a lot of cities in France, like Paris, Marseilles, or Lyon. But there's only one city that's Nice."
"What do you call a drunk dinosaur?

A staggerasaurus."
"It was a bleak day when we heard about the explosion down at the animal shelter... It was raining cats and dogs!"
"Ever have a stir-fry outside?

It's just a wok in the park."
"My friend Jack claims he can communicate with vegetables.

Jack and the beans talk."
"Helen Waite is in charge of my complaint department...

if you have an issue with my jokes, you can go to Helen Waite."
"Some people say I'm too vague. But I say, it's as clear as... well, you know."
Be kind to your dentist. He has fillings too.
"So it turns out dogs can't operate MRI scanners.

Luckily, catscan."
"Is the pool safe for diving? It deep ends."
"A shop assistant tried stopping an armed robber by attacking him with a labeling gun. Police are now looking for a man with a price on his head."
"What do you call a car that's covered in leaves?

An autumnobile."
"I make plastic Dracula figures, but there's only two of us on the production line.

So I have to make every second Count..."
"Daughter: 'Dad, I really want to work in the moisturizer industry. What should I do?'

Dad: 'The best advice I can give is to apply daily.'"
"Dentist: This will hurt.

Patient: OK.

Dentist: I've been having an affair with your wife since last year."
"How do 1960s baby boomers change a lightbulb?

We don't.

We just tell you how good the old one was."
"How does a vegan begin grace before a meal?

Lettuce pray."
"Someone told me I am out of whack. How do I order more whack?"
"Spiders are the only web developers who love finding bugs."
"No one's perfect.

Even California has faults."
"Everyone used to own a horse and the rich had cars.
Today everyone has cars and only the rich own horses.
The stables have turned."
"What do you call friends you like to eat with?
Tastebuds."
"At the Olympics, I saw an athlete carrying a long stick and asked him:
'Are you a pole vaulter?'

He replied:
'No, I'm German, but how do you know my name is Walter?'"
"I can give you one vegetable joke about onions.
But that's shallot."
"Why did the large bucket think the small bucket was sick?
It was a little pail."
"I have a lawyer joke, but it is hearsay."
"I got fired from my job as a taxi driver.
Turns out my customers didn't like it when I tried to go the extra mile."
"Batman: Whiskey on the rocks, hold the whiskey.

Bartender: So you just want ice?

Batman: Yes, JUSTICE!"
"Why don’t scientists trust atoms?
Because they make up everything!"
"I have an eating disorder; I'm about to eat dis order of fries, dis order of wings, and dis order of nuggets."
"I accidentally left an apple outside my local doctor's office.

Now he won't be able to get in."
"Why was E the only letter in the alphabet to get a Christmas present? Because the rest of the letters were not-E."
"How often do I make chemistry jokes?

Periodically."
"My neighbor kept running across my lawn and then pretends to get blown up by explosives. I'm tired of his mine games."
"Kid: [singing]

Dad: Who sings this?

Kid: Adele

Dad: Let's keep it that way. [laughs hysterically]"
"I went to my first yodeling lesson last week.

The receptionist said: If you're here for the yodeling lesson, please form an orderly orderly orderly orderly queue."
"What do you call a really fast escalator? An escasooner..."
"My wife just tripped and fell while carrying a bunch of clothes she just ironed.

I watched it all unfold."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"Why is 69 afraid of 70?

Because they once had a fight and 71."
"Not to brag, but I have psychic powers.

.

.

For example, right now you're thinking:

'It's psychic, you idiot.'"
"Feeling cold?

Go stand in a corner for a bit.

They are usually around 90 degrees."
"What do Sean Connery, Roger Moore, Timothy Dalton, and Pierce Brosnan have in common?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
-I'm not exactly sure, but there's certainly a Bond between them..."
"This morning I made sure my wife woke up with a big smile on her face.

I'm not allowed Sharpies in the bedroom anymore."
"Last night, I watched a documentary on marijuana. It was awesome! I'm gonna start watching everything that way!"
"I tried taking some high-resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy."
"I tied all my spaghetti together last night when I was drunk. Today I ended up skipping dinner."
"Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero."
"This morning, I accidentally ran into the man who once sold me an antique globe.

It's a small world."
"Why did the A go to the bathroom and come out an E? It had a vowel movement."
"A life in the arts has historically been a costly venture. It is well-known that many post-renaissance artisans went baroque."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field."
"What kind of music do mummies like best?

Wrap."
"I just got a new job as a street cleaner! Turns out there's not much training involved, you just pick stuff up as you go along."
"I hate Russian dolls, they're so full of themselves."
"What do you call bears with no ears?

B"
"Doctor: Your brain fell out after your accident, but we managed to put it back in.

Me: Thanks for reminding me."
"Daughter: Dad, may I go to the 50 Cent concert tonight?

Dad: Sure. Here's a dollar. Take your sister."
"My winter fat is finally gone, I now have spring rolls!"
"Wife: It's our wedding anniversary in a week, darling. How do you think we should celebrate?

Husband: With a minute of silence."
"Who can shave 25 times a day and still have a beard?

A barber!"
"My wife texted me she saw a wolf on the way to work.

My question is how she knew it was on its way to work?..."
"I was supposed to marry a tailor's daughter, but she left me at the altar!!"
"If a game company charged a kidney for every new free-roam RPG they sold, I would still have all their games, and fewer siblings."
"What do you call a nervous witch?

A twitch."
"I ordered 2,240 lbs. of Chinese soup.

It was Won Ton."
"What do you say to a man who's just stolen your gate?

Nothing. He might take a fence."
"I have a joke about a steel trap, but it got caught up."
"Did you hear about that French cheese factory that exploded?

There was nothing left but de brie."
"Looking for a hot date? Pick any day in August,

they don't get much hotter than that!"
"What's Albert Einstein's rap name?

MC Squared."
"I was a bit afraid of making breakfast last Halloween morning, but... I ain't afraid of no toast."
"Flat Earthers have been quiet recently.

They kind of fell off..."
"As a child, what did you wish to become when you grew up?

I wanted to be a comedian, but everyone just laughed at me."
"Why are robots never afraid?

Because they have nerves of steel."
"I'd make a joke about fighting, but I can't think of a good punchline."
"I went to the doctor with hearing problems. He said, 'Can you describe the symptoms?' I said, 'Homer's a fat dude and Marge has blue hair.'"
"What do you call someone who points out the obvious?

Captain Obvious."
"Why did the train go to the sauna?

To blow off some steam."
"If anyone else tries to make another pancake joke today...

I'll batter them!"
"My wife keeps putting out fresh flowers every day. I think it's just a phase she's going through."
"If I were a rapper, I'd be MC Spice. Then I could say, STOP! Hammer Thyme!"
"Every day, my teacher reads a joke to start the class, but today she's absent.

So instead...

a subreddit.

#BlackBoardJokeOfTheDay"
"8 things I hate:

1. Vandalism
2. Lists
3. Irony
4. Lists
5. Repetition
F. Inconsistency"
"What starts with an O and ends with nions and sometimes makes you cry?

Opinions."
"A duck was about to cross the road when a chicken came running and said...

No, don't do it! You'll never hear the end of it!"
"If you do your writing on an Apple device, you end up writing MacBook Prose."
"I'm not saying I'm a bad cook...

But I use a smoke alarm as a timer."
"Did you hear about the incredibly average philosopher? His name was Mediocrates."
"Just got a birthday card, opened it up, and a load of rice fell out.

It was from Uncle Ben."
"I went to dinner with a stockbroker from London. We were playing FTSE under the table."
"What cheese is made backwards?

Edam."
"In 1969, a group of three former military officers led an invasion of Earth's nearest peaceful neighbor in space. At the end of their eight-day mission, nobody was left alive on the moon..."
Why did the egg celebrate? Because it just got laid.
"From what I understand, when the caravan crosses the border, the situation will become in tents..."
"What do you call a chicken that counts its own eggs? A mathemachicken!"
"My son asked me what procrastinate means.

I said: I'll tell you later."
"I was upset at my buddy Mark who borrowed my dictionary and refuses to return it.

I said: Mark, my words!"
"Little Red Riding Hood found in a critical condition.

Paramedics have stabilized her condition, but she's not out of the woods yet."
"What do you call an elf that sings?

A wrapper."
"My friend told me a joke about coins, but it doesn't make any cents."
"Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store?
A: Guardians of the Galaxy."
"What does a Hawaiian Spider do in his free time? Surf the web."
"The Gluteus Maximus is the largest muscle in your body. In fact, it's a huge ass muscle."
"Gave this girl a drink of my lemonade last night, and she completely fell in love with me. I schwepped her right off her feet."
"I passed all my courses except for Greek mythology.
That has always been my Achilles' elbow."
"6:30 is hands down the best time on a clock. It's the only time that's 'hands' down."
"C4 is just angry Play-Doh..."
"How do you spell 'candy' with 2 letters?
C and Y..."
"I used to be a professional hide and seek player, but I finally lost my touch."
What do you need in order to poop in the woods? Toilet-trees.
"The female janitor at my building asked if I would chill and smoke some weed with her.
I said: No. I can't deal with high maintenance women."
"Had a date last night.
I really enjoyed it.
Tonight I'm gonna try a fig."
"A guy came to the pub last night dressed in a black top, black shorts, and a whistle.
I said to my friend it's going to kick off in a minute."
"My friends and I started playing music together, but couldn't think of a group name. I came up with one right off the top of my head. We call ourselves the Hair Band."
I tried drag racing the other day. It's murder trying to run in heels.
"Why didn't the skeleton fight the monster?
He didn't have the guts."
"What is a chef's most lost ingredient? Thyme."
"I decided to make sure my wife woke up with a big smile on her face this morning...
I can't have sharpies in the house anymore."
"The bartender asked the pirate, 'Is that a ship's wheel sticking out of your pants?' The pirate said, 'Aye, it's driving me nuts.'"
Do marijuana growers worry about irreversible joint damage?
"If being bi means you can have a male partner or a female partner...

does it mean if you don't have a partner...

you're on standbi?"
"Did we ever find out...

what the knights in white sat in?"
"Many top scientists are on the autism spectrum...

so technically...
Autism causes vaccines..."
"My wife said nothing rhymes with orange.

I said she was wrong."
"What do you call a lawyer when he's cooking dinner?

A sue chef."
"Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools."
"The average person has sex 89 times a year.

December is going to be one heck of a month!"
"What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?

A stick."
"There was a big moron and a little moron sitting on a fence. The big moron fell off.

Why?

The little moron was a little more on."
"I miss my umbilical cord...

I grew attached to it."
"What do you call a doctor who is always on call?

An oncologist."
"There was a recent study that tried to pinpoint the effect that alcohol has on walking.

The result was staggering."
"The guy who invented predictive text passed away yesterday. His funeral will be held next Monday."
"I love telling dad jokes.

Sometimes he laughs!"
"A yawn is a silent scream for COFFEE."
"My cross-eyed wife and I just got a divorce. I found out she was seeing someone on the side."
"German sausage jokes are the wurst."
"My wife just told me I'm the cheapest man she knows...

I'm not buying it..."
"Old lady: (behind the driver)

Want some peanuts?

Bus driver: Sure, thanks!

Lady: (minutes later) Have some more?

Driver: Sure, aren't you having any?

Lady: I can't, I have no teeth.

Driver: Why do you buy them then?

Lady: Oh, I just like to suck the chocolate off them."
"If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?"
Would it help you in your move to the Netherlands if you split the cost with someone and went Dutch?
My deaf wife just told me that we need to talk. That's not a good sign.
A Jamaican man has stormed into my hair salon and demanded I give him a new style. I'm dreading it.
I don't understand why no one likes the Night King on Game of Thrones. I think he looks pretty chilled.
Sometimes I make chemistry jokes just to see the reactions.
"No matter how kind you are...

German children are always
kinder."
"My daughter says she now identifies as a small group of words that have a collective meaning. Should I be concerned or is it just a phrase?"
"I suddenly understood a joke that I read the other day. I had an epifunny."
"I had a threesome with a scalene and an isosceles.

It was a love triangle."
"Apparently, over a quarter of pet owners let their pets sleep on the bed with them.

I tried it, but my goldfish died."
"I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went.

Then it dawned on me."
"My daughter asked me for a recommendation for a good book. I told her I had a book that has drama, romance, betrayal, excitement, action, loss, heroes, villains, mystery, and puzzles. Pretty much everything, really. Excitedly, she asked me for it.

I handed her the dictionary."
"What kind of blood do you give a pessimistic person? B Positive."
"A shipment of Viagra was hijacked on its way to the depot. The police are warning citizens to be on the lookout for a gang of hardened criminals."
"What do farmers give to their wives on Valentine's Day? Hogs and kisses."
"I went out with a girl called Simile. I don't know what I metaphor."
"Don't eat German fruit bread.

It's stollen."
"I have a joke about a pencil, but it's pointless."
I spent my day in a well... It was a day well-spent.
"Before you laugh at children who believe in Santa Claus, remember there are adults who believe in Donald Trump."
"I wasn't sure how comfortable my new couch would be. But sofa so good."
"I tried to attend a seminar for kleptomaniacs. All the seats were already taken."
"What's the difference between me and a calendar?

A calendar has dates."
"A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica, $2.75 in Aruba, and $3.00 in the Bahamas.

Those are the pie rates of the Caribbean."
"Went to the doctor's office and said, 'Have you got anything for wind?'

He gave me a kite."
"A dyslexic man walks into a bra."
"Life is too short."
"I've decided to quit my job as a personal trainer because I'm too scrawny...

I gave them my two weak notice."
"Back in 2018, my friend asked me after the Super Bowl, 'I wonder what kind of state Philadelphia is going to be in tomorrow.'

I told him that I was pretty sure it'll still be in Pennsylvania."
"I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium are going out.

I was like, OMg."
"What do you call a pig with no clothes on?

Streaky bacon."
"Went to see the doctor about my blocked ear.

'Which ear is it?' he asked.

'2022,' I replied."
"What do you call a musician with no girlfriend?

Homeless."
"What do you call someone who doesn't fart in public?

A private tutor."
"Don't run with bagpipes; you could put an aye out,

or worse,

get kilt."
"What do you call a man with cat scratches all over his head?

Claude!"
"My sea sickness comes in waves."
"I just started a business where we specialize in weighing tiny objects. It's a small-scale operation."
"The young lady next door is dating two men, a dairy farmer and a poet.

Problem is, she's having trouble deciding

if she should marry for butter or for verse."
"The overalls I purchased kept picking up static electricity, so I took them back to the shop and exchanged them for another pair.

Free of charge."
"My son asked, 'Dad, what are condoms for?'

'Usually to avoid answering questions like these,' I replied."
"I just went to the doctor and told him I was finishing crossword puzzles too quickly.

He replied, 'Try not to get two down.'"
"I think having two wives would be very bigamy..."
"I have a joke about FedEx, but the delivery is all wrong."
"What is Good King Wenceslas's favorite pizza?

Deep pan, crisp, and even."
"I've just built a model of Mount Everest.

No, it's not to scale...

It's just to look at!"
"A naked man arrives at a costume party with a girl on his back.

'I'm a turtle,' he says.

'Oh... Who's on your back?'

'That's Michelle,' he replies."
"It turns out a major new study recently found that humans eat more bananas than monkeys.

It's true.

I can't remember the last time I ate a monkey."
"What do you call an ancient Egyptian?

An old Giza."
"What kind of exercise do lazy people do? Diddly squats."
"Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused Novocain during a root canal?
His goal: transcend dental medication."
"My office computer just crashed, and now all the other computers have slowed down so they can see what's happening."
I couldn't find my joke. I guess it decided to take a day off without notice.
I hate people who use big words just to make themselves look perspicacious.
It's about time they write a novel about clocks. It's bound to be a real page-turner.
"I have a hammer joke, but I don't think I can nail it."
"When my wife was pregnant, her doctor asked me if I had ever been present at a childbirth before.
I said: Yes, just once.
He asked: What was it like?
I replied: It was dark, then suddenly very bright."
"If you work overtime at McDonald's, are you working a McDouble?"
"My son wanted to know what it's like to be married.
I asked him to leave me alone,
and when he did, I asked him why he was ignoring me."
"You know that tingly sensation you get when you like somebody?
That's common sense leaving your body."
"I went into a toy store to do some early Christmas shopping and asked the assistant, 'Where are the Schwarzenegger dolls?' He said, 'Aisle B, back.'"
"The best way to cook an alligator is
in a crockpot..."
"How many dyslexics does it take to change a light bulb?
Steven."
"If you're skydiving and your parachute doesn't deploy, don't worry...
You have the rest of your life to fix it."
"I mistook some C4 for Play-Doh. Didn't matter; had a blast."
"I just asked my wife if she fancied a takeaway tonight.
She said, 'Are you talking Chinese?'
I said, 'No, did it sound Chinese?'"
"After finding...
5 Mars, 3 Snickers, a Galaxy, and a Twix in this Celebrations box, I'm starting to think I'm not cut out to be a Bounty hunter."
"If you are cold, find a corner to stand in. They are almost always 90 degrees."
"I've got diarrhea, my dad's got diarrhea, and my grandad's got diarrhea.
Runs in the family."
"I just needed to take a minute to remark on my new dry erase board... It's remarkable!"
"I left my ex-girlfriend because she was obsessed with counting.
I wonder what she's up to now?"
"I went to the beekeepers to buy some bees. All the bees had price tags on them except one.
It was a freebie."
"My friend David is a victim of ID theft.
Now we just call him 'Dav.'"
"There was a Roman Emperor who never aged once he reached the age of 13.
His name was Constant-teen."
"I have a joke about airplanes, but I don't think it will take off."
"A mushroom walks into a bar.
The bartender says, 'We don't serve your kind here!'
The mushroom says, 'Aw come on! I'm a fungi!'"
"I got some new aftershave today that smells like breadcrumbs...
The birds love it!"
"What do you get when you play tug of war with a pig?
Pulled pork."
"As a tribute to my legendary martial arts hero,
I am changing my name to...
Bruce Easi Lee."
"Why are women bad at reading road maps?

Because they are told this <---> is 6 inches."
"I haven't spoken to my wife in 7 years...

I don't want to interrupt her."
"I bought an Oasis GPS and now... ...all the roads I have to drive are winding."
"IT'S OKAY TO DO SOMETHING BEFORE YOU'RE AN EXPERT AT IT. OR EVEN IF YOU THINK YOU'LL NEVER BE AN EXPERT AT IT."
"My daughter wanted a Cinderella themed birthday party,

So I made her and all her friends clean the house."
"I spent ages trying to cross a busy road...

A passerby said, there's a pelican crossing up the road.

I replied, I hope he's having better luck than me."
"Smiling increases your face value."
"I'm a social vegan.

I avoid meet."
"My wife accused me of trying to win every argument we had... So I told her why that was wrong."
"I hate people who talk about me behind my back.

They discussed me."
"I post really detailed jokes on my blog because they don't 'be long' here."
"Don't use double negatives.

They're a big no-no."
"It's okay if you have no idea what prefix means. It's not the end of the word."
"I started my own cooking show in Egypt. It's called Wok like an Egyptian."
"What do you call a man in a slow-cooker?

Stu!"
"Quote of the day: Those who are itching for a fight usually have never been in one."
"Arnold Schwarzenegger was asked to update his laptop to Windows 10, but he said, 'I still love Vista, baby.'"
"Why did the cookie cry?

Because his dad was a wafer so long..."
"A Dutchman has invented shoes that record how many miles you've walked. Clever clogs."
"To the person who hid my shoes while I was on the bouncy castle!...

Grow up."
"My psychiatrist told me I was crazy.
I told him I wanted a second opinion.
He replied, 'Okay, you're ugly too!'"
"Daffynitions Parasite (V):
What you see from the top of the Eiffel Tower."
"I used to suffer from kleptomania.
But I'm better now that I'm taking something for it."
"What kind of bagel can fly?
A plain bagel."
"Last night, a naked man broke into our church and started running around.
The police finally caught him by the organ!"
"Alcohol is a solution, just not to your problems..."
"Studies show cows produce more milk when the farmer talks to them.
It's a case of in one ear and out the udder."
"I have a musical joke, but it's not done being composed."
"Which friends should you always take out to dinner?
Your taste buds."
"Just broke two of my dad's old Queen records!

Now I want to break three."
"I heard that you can now print a gun off a 3D printer, but I am not impressed. I've had a Canon printer for years."
"I have a pen that can write underwater.

It can also write other words too."
"Which cheese can be used to hide a small horse? Mascarpone!"
"You know what makes me smile?

Facial muscles."
"The CIA can hack my TV and hear everything, but McDonald's can't hear me say 'no cheese' through their drive-through speaker?"
"Once again, my coworkers voted me the most secretive guy in the office.

I can't tell you how much this award means to me."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"How to catch a polar bear:
Cut a large hole in the ice.
Lay a circle of frozen peas around the hole.
When the bear comes to take a pea,
You kick him in the icehole."
"Do you think in Africa they have Lynx UK?

If they did, would it smell of cigarettes and mild disappointment?"
"What did the fisherman say to the magician?

Pick a cod, any cod."
"If you ever become depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before going to sleep... That'll give you a reason to get up in the morning."
"Why don't dolphins have legs?

It would de-feet the whole porpoise."
"My wife said she was feeling light-headed from a low iron level. To help her, I've raised the ironing board to a more suitable height."
"What nationality is Santa?

North Polish."
"I have a retail joke, and it's priceless... so it must be free! Huh, huh!"
Just heard about a dwarf who was pickpocketed. How could anyone stoop so low?
"A horse walks into a bar. The barkeep asks if it's an alcoholic. The horse replies, 'I don't think I am,' and promptly disappears.

Students of philosophy giggle, being familiar with the philosophical proposition of 'Cogito ergo sum': To explain beforehand would be putting Descartes before the horse."
"I walked into a pub with my wife.

The bartender asked, 'Would you like a drink for your wife?'

I said, 'That sounds like a fair swap.'"
"How many mystery writers does it take to screw in a light bulb?

Two: One to screw it almost all the way in and the other to give it a surprising twist at the end."
"My wife traumatically ripped the blankets off me last night. But I will recover."
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?

Nothing. It's on the house."
"My friend is making a lot of easy money by selling pictures of salmon dressed in human clothes. It's like shooting fish in apparel."
"I was thinking about moving to Moscow,

but there's no point in rushing into things."
"If Scooby-Doo goes swimming, does that mean he is Scooby-Diving?"
What did the yoga instructor say to his mom when she tried to leave? Nah ma stay...
"Did a gig at a conference for sufferers of extreme acne.

Told my first joke, the place erupted."
"I was going to tell a cycling joke, but I'm two tired."
"I passed my Canadian citizenship test!

I got an Eh +"
"People say 60 is the new 40...

The cop who just pulled me over didn't agree..."
"Bullets are weird; they only do their job when they're fired."
"The police on the underwear case
Found the thief in an odd hiding place
The news reports say
He was running away
But got caught after just a brief chase."
"I was in my car driving back from work. A police officer pulled me over and knocked on my window. I said, 'One minute, I'm on the phone.'"
"Sherlock was gardening when Watson came over and asked what he was planting. 'A lemon tree, my dear Watson.'"
"What did the weightlifter say when he ran out of protein supplement? 'No whey.'"
"God, grant me the serenity to accept the terms and conditions I do not read."
"Me: I'm not saying a word without my lawyer present.

Cop: You ARE the lawyer.

Lawyer: So where's my present?"
"Frank was skydiving for the first time. He couldn't open his chute.

As he looked down, he saw a guy in an apron flying up towards him.

Frank: Hey! Do you know how to open a parachute?

Guy: No! Do you know how to light a barbecue?"
"I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday.

I can't wait to see his face light up when he opens it."
"Since it started raining, all my wife has done is look sadly through the window.

If it gets any worse, I'll have to let her in."
"My wife said that she was leaving me because I always exaggerate.

I was so shocked I almost tripped over my own feet."
"Jobs should hire you whether you have a felony or a misdemeanor."
"Did you hear about the man who was brought in by the fashion police? They questioned him over his criminal ties."
"Saw an ad for very expensive men's wigs... I thought it was way too much toupee..."
"I think these young folks need to start thinking about what kind of world they're gonna leave for me and Keith Richards.
-- Willie Nelson"
"I've just called the Tinnitus helpline...

It just keeps ringing!"
"How do you invite a dinosaur for lunch?

Tea, Rex?"
"Vacuous is a word that means nothing to me."
"How do you tell what gender an ant is?

Put it in water. If it sinks, it's a girl ant; if it floats, it's buoyant."
"My poor knowledge of Greek mythology has always been my Achilles' elbow."
"What's the tallest building in every town? The library—it's got the most stories."
"I have a bunch of old batteries. They are free of charge!"
"I always carry a picture of my wife and kids in my wallet. I do it to remind myself why there is no money in there."
"What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon."
"Do you want a brief explanation of what an acorn is? In a nutshell, it's an oak tree."
Someone stole my Willy Warmer from the washing line! I'm not bothered about the warmer; I just want the 40 clothespins back.
I went to a haunted bed and breakfast in France. The place was giving me the crepes.
"Student loans, you got me through college. I don't think I can ever repay you."
"My wife and I had a fight, and it ended with her literally crawling to me on her hands and knees! She said, 'Get out from under that bed and fight like a man.'"
"A programmer's nightmare is syntax.

Why did the programmer quit his job? Because he didn't get arrays."
"Theresa May, pole dancer.

Gets me every time."
"Do you know how to lose weight...fast? Skip dessert!"
"I have a joke about religion, but it might not preach well."
What do you call a man with a flatfish on his head? Ray.
My buddy said he threw a stick five miles and his dog managed to find it and bring it back... Seems a bit far-fetched!
"Two years ago, the doctor told me I was losing my hearing. Haven't heard from him since."
"I just saw my math teacher lock himself in his office with a piece of graph paper. I think he must be plotting something."
"I have a musical joke, but it's not very sharp."
I'm reading a book about WD-40. It's non-friction.
What did the German sausage say to his friend? You are the wurst.
"My son asked me, 'Dad, why do bees stay in the hive in the winter?'

'Swarm.'"
"Twenty years ago, I married my best friend in the whole world. If my wife ever finds out, she'll kill me."
"I ate four cans of alphabet soup yesterday.

Then I had probably the biggest vowel movement ever."
"What happened when 30 got hungry?

38."
"I can hear opera coming from my wallet...

I think it might be the three tenors."
"Watching TV is a nightmare nowadays!

Violence, fighting, cursing, swearing...

And that's just to get the remote!"
"Frozen sculptures look quite good. Icy pose."
"What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef."
"A person was accused of burying someone in cement.

But there was no concrete evidence."
"I was eating at a restaurant last night when a waitress screamed, 'Does anyone know CPR?'

I shouted, 'I know the whole alphabet!'

Everyone laughed... Well, everyone except this one guy."
"Carrots may improve your vision.

But rum will double it!"
"Light a man a fire and you will warm him for a day.

Light a man on fire and he will be warm for the rest of his life."
"Helpful advice if you're ever attacked by a group of clowns: go for the juggler."
"Today someone told me I am average. I told them that's just mean."
"I was really embarrassed when my wife caught me playing with my son's train set by myself. In a moment of panic, I threw a bedsheet over it. I think I managed to cover my tracks."
"I tried to find some websites about sausages, but all the links were just bologna."
"A copy of *Oliver Twist* just fell on my toe.
It hurts like the dickens."
"My mother warned me against giving my daughter a silly name, but I called her bluff..."
"Three years ago, I married my best friend...
My wife was angry, but Dave and I thought it was hilarious."
"I cooked a medium rare steak for my friend.
He said, 'I like it well done.'
I said, 'Thanks, that means a lot.'"
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?'
'No, I don't think they'll fit me."
"I sat next to an insurance salesman at the Robbie Williams concert last night.

And through it all, he offered me protection..."
"Reading while sunbathing makes you...

well... red..."
"I bought a box of animal crackers. Sadly, I had to return them because the seal was broken."
"I watched a show on National Geographic, where they showed a huge plant that had grown papers instead of leaves. It was a document-tree."
"I can't believe that viruses and bacteria would just invade my body without permission.

That makes me sick."
"I threw my genetic copy off a cliff because he was always swearing. I got arrested for making an obscene clone fall."
"A guy rushed past me at the post office to deliver 25 different letters. He skipped the Q."
"I used to work in a shoe store until they gave me the boot."
"If the Earth were flat, cats would have pushed everything over the edge already."
"I accused my buddy of pouring glue on my weapons.

He denied it, but I'm sticking to my guns."
"If, like me, you've ever been accused of being born in a barn and need to talk, remember...

My door is always open..."
"Did anyone see the joke I posted recently about my spine?

It was about a weak back."
"What do you call a fake noodle?

An impasta!"
"How does NASA organize a party?

They planet."
"I bought my niece a Frozen fishing rod for her birthday. She asked me what we had to do when we caught a fish. I told her we'd have to Let it Go."
"Ever wonder how big a can of Alphabet Soup would be if it included all the Chinese characters?"
"Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring.

The doctor says I'm okay, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside."
"Off to college in an attempt to improve my instant soup making technique.

I'm doing a Bachelor's Degree!"
"Why was it called the Dark Ages?

Because of all the knights."
"What do you call a chicken staring at a lettuce?

Chicken sees a salad."
"Two guys dressed in armor walk into a hotel lobby...
One says, 'Room for two knights, please.'"
"If anyone wants to come and talk about why my stuff keeps getting stolen...
The door is always open."
"Went to an ABBA theme pub last night. The toilets were amazing...
What a loo!"
"I have the body of a Greek god! Buddha was a Greek god, right?"
"I broke my finger last week...
On the other hand, I'm OK."
"Argentina is surprisingly cold!
In fact...
It's bordering on Chile..."
"I've been chopping cheese, but I think I may have a grater problem."
To heir is human.
"I'm not wearing glasses anymore.
I've seen enough."
"Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag, he replies,
'No, just leave it in the carton!'"
"My wife complains I don't buy her flowers.

To be honest, I didn't know she sold flowers."
"Unfortunately, my obese parrot just died. But it's a huge weight off my shoulders."
Did you hear about the ventriloquist whose dummy is a donkey? He's always talking out of his ass.
I hear in Africa they tried an experiment where they blessed the rains. It was a Toto failure.
"Did you hear that the Count from Sesame Street passed out on New Year's Eve?

There was a count down..."
"I was just thinking about the letter 'U.'

.

.

.

.

.

It's such an interesting letter..."
"If you've never rewound a cassette tape with your finger, you have no right to complain about buffering."
"My friend changed so much when she became a vegan.

.

.

.

It's like I never net Her-bivore..."
"Why did the guitar teacher get arrested? He got caught fingering a minor."
"Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it."
"I'm pining for a good tree pun. I wish they were more poplar."
"I had to clean out my spice rack and found everything was too old and had to be thrown out. What a waste of thyme."
"Expect Motown weather next week:

3 Degrees... maybe 4 Tops!"
"The highlight of my trip to the zoo was seeing an antelope.

I'd never seen an insect run off to get married before!"
"My neighbor shingled my roof for free. He said it was on the house."
"What's the difference between a hot potato and a flying pig? One is a heated yam while the other is a yeeted ham."
"Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better... if every fifth caller was a winner."
"What do you call an FBI agent who quit and got a new job delivering packages? A FedEx."
"Police have arrested the World tongue-twister Champion.

They said he'll be given a tough sentence."
"I think my wife is a weather forecaster... A guy called up asking if the coast is clear."
"I read a lengthy article about Japanese sword fighters.
It's okay, I can Samurais it for you."
"I went to the doctor and he told me I had lettuce sticking out of my butt. I said it was just the tip of the iceberg."
"A man walks into a seafood store carrying a trout under his arm.
'Do you make fish cakes?' he asked.
'Yes, we do,' replied the fishmonger.
'Great,' said the man. 'It's his birthday.'"
"I have an optometrist story, but I can't see it."
"Bought a female dog.
Named her Karma."
"I took a course on sexual harassment last week.
It went well, I think I'm gonna be good at avoiding it..."
"A man tried to sell me a coffin today.
I said, 'That's the last thing I need.'"
"If 666 is all evil, then 25.8069758 is the root of all evil."
"I bet a butcher $20 that he couldn't reach the meat on the top shelf.
He said, 'Sorry, the steaks are too high.'"
"Bouncer: I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Me: Why?
Bouncer: I don't know who you are and this is my trampoline."
"The Pillsbury Doughboy

doesn't date anymore

.

.

He's been burned

too many times."
"Give a man a plane ticket, and he'll fly for a day.

Push a man from a plane, and he'll fly for the rest of his life!"
"What did the tree say when the stressful winter finished?

I'm re-leaved!"
"If a pig becomes disgruntled...

does that make it a little hoarse?

If I'm boring you, I'll see myself out :)"
"Thanks for explaining the word 'many' to me.

It means a lot."
"I got a pet newt, and I named him Tiny.

Because he's my newt."
"I just bought a vintage Rolls Royce, but the budget didn't cover a driver.

So I spent all that money, and I've got nothing to chauffeur it."
"I was told that exercise helps with your decision-making.

It's true...

After going to the gym earlier, I've decided I'm never going again."
"As my wife was preparing dinner, I told her what a nice ham she had. But it would be a shame if you put an 's' at the front and 'e' at the end."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"At work, we have a printer we've nicknamed Bob Marley. It's always Jammin'."
"I was watching an Australian cooking show, and the audience applauded when the chef made a meringue. I was surprised.

Australians usually boo meringue."
"I love raising caterpillars as pets. It always gives me butterflies."
"Did you know the movie Soylent Green, created in 1973, was set in the future year 2020?

Enter the Impossible Burger..."
"95% of people are idiots.

I'm glad I'm in the other 15%."
"An opinion without 3.14 is just an onion..."
"The shovel was a groundbreaking invention."
"If you want to set up a company and run it, then don't bother telling me about it.

That's your own business."
"I saw a sign at a roadside stand that read, 'Lobster Tails $2.00,' so I stopped the car, walked over, and handed my money to the proprietor.

He looked me in the eyes, took a deep breath, and said...

'Once upon a time, there was this lobster...'"
"My best friend called me and said, 'An evil wizard turned me into a tiny harp! I don't know what to do!' I went to his house to find out he's a big lyre."
"I wanted to watch the world origami championship on TV, but it was only on paper view."
"I got to the Lego store and saw that people were lined up for blocks."
"What gender pronouns are you supposed to use for chocolate bars?

Her/she."
"When I was in college, I used to live on a houseboat and started dating the girl next door. Eventually, we drifted apart."
"What did the cat say when it fell off its bike?

Me-ow."
"My grandpa's last wish was that we convert his ashes into a diamond. That's a lot of pressure."
"I ate a clownfish yesterday.

It tasted funny."
"I love to give homemade gifts.

Which one of my kids do you want?"
"Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man."
"My boss told me that I need to start taking my job a bit more seriously.

I was so shocked I nearly fell off my unicycle."
"Why do they tell you to wear underpants in Ukraine? Because of Chernobyl Fallout."
"Become a thespian today!

ACT NOW!"
"What do you call an obvious cow? Predictabull!"
"I have a shared parking lot with my neighbor. I don't like him much, but I've decided to try to be his friend. After all...

We have a lot in common."
"My son tried coffee for the first time today and said it tasted like dirt.

To be fair, it was just ground this morning..."
"My girlfriend poked me in the eyes... so I stopped seeing her for a while."
"Have we checked all food to see if exploding it makes them into something better, or did we just stop with corn?"
"I'm on two diets now...

There wasn't nearly enough food on just one."
"Why does Hawaii have interstate highways? Because even paradise needs a way to drive you crazy!"
"I start going to the gym in February because that's when all the good treadmills are free again."
"My neighbor rang my doorbell at 3 a.m. Can you believe it!? Luckily, I was still up playing the drums."
I've never signed up for a 401K. I don't think I can run that far.
My eye doctor just told me I'm color blind. It's come completely out of the green.
What do you call fake potatoes? Imitaters.
My dad brought me up single-handedly. It's not easy being the son of a pirate.
Went to a lecture titled 'The Development of Stereophonic Sound Reproduction.' There were two speakers.
"I ate at Mary Poppins Restaurant last night... Super cauliflower cheese, but the lobster was atrocious."
"Have you ever actually facepalmed? I did once, and it was the highlight of my day!"
I have a dental joke that's very tongue-in-cheek.
"Yesterday evening, I had to change a light bulb. A bit later on, I crossed the road. Then I walked into a bar. My life is a joke."
"I pinned a Rolex to the post just outside my house. It's the neighborhood watch."
"Did you know you cannot breathe through your nose while you're smiling?

Ha! I made you smile."
"Last night I watched a documentary on a guy who worked 60 hours a week crushing coke cans.

It was soda pressing."
"Some ATMs charge you $2 for cash withdrawals, then have the audacity to tell you to cover your pin to prevent getting robbed."
Wood you think less of me if I can't come up with a tree pun?
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?

They don't have the guts."
"I'm gonna open a jewelry store with bars on the window and call it Necklace Cage."
"My wife is kicking me out of the house because of my obsession with acting like a TV news anchor. More on that after the break..."
"My boss hates it when I shorten his name to Dick!

Especially as his name is Matthew."
"I told my daughter, 'It's always been my dream to walk you down the aisle.' She said, 'Dad, we're grocery shopping.'"
"I have an ophthalmologist joke, but I can't see it."
"I have an English joke, but it just isn't right."
"I wanted to marry my English teacher when she got out of jail.
But apparently, you can't end a sentence with a proposition."
"What weighs more, a gallon of water or butane?
The water... butane is a lighter fluid!"
"I can't tell you the truth behind every conspiracy because I'd disappear faster than a magician in a hurry!"
"I asked my friend what the funniest movie was, and he said 'the one where I don't have to pay for popcorn!'"
"How does it feel when you cross a melon with a cauliflower?
Melancholy."
"If a plant is sad, do other plants photosympathize with it?
No, they chlorofeel."
"I turned suddenly to my son and said: Name two pronouns! He panicked and yelled back: Who? Me?"
"I just lost all my ice cubes in the kitchen. But I'm not worried - it's all just water under the fridge."
"I just made sure my son inherits our bathroom scale after I die. Because where there's a will there's a weigh."
"What do you do when your nose goes on strike?

You picket..."
"I'm having a delightfully lazy Sunday today...

Wait...

It isn't Sunday, is it..."
"Don't wear glasses while playing football...

It's a contact sport!"
"A photon checks into a hotel.

The bellboy says: Do you have any luggage, sir?

The photon replies: No, I'm traveling light."
"Bono and The Edge walk into a bar.

The barman says: Oh no, not U2 again."
"What do you call a carnivorous weather person?

A meat-eater-ologist."
"I keep seeing the quote on women's dating profiles,

'If I was meant to be controlled, I would have come with a remote.'

Jokes on them,

I've been turning women off for years without a remote."
"Woke up this morning with a cough. I think I might have pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis.

But it's hard to say..."
"I tried to cheer up my buddy by inviting him to a poker night after cows broke into his marijuana store and ate all his product, but he couldn't come. He said the steaks were too high."
"Within minutes, the detective knew exactly what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case."
"I used to date a tennis player...
But love meant nothing to her."
"How many Motown groups can I name?
Two, Maybe Three... Four Tops!"
"My wife has stood by my side for 20 years...
I'm considering buying a second chair just for her!"
"My doctor said that I might die because I accidentally consumed clay.
I'm shitting bricks, to be honest."
"A friend said they want cats for Christmas.
Normally I cook a ham, but whatever makes them happy, I guess..."
"I was watching Star Wars with my daughter. She asked why Luke was climbing inside a Tauntaun. I said to keep warm. She asked, 'How warm is it inside?' I said, 'Lukewarm.'"
"I named my MP3 player Titanic,
so I could watch it sync."
"Yesterday one of my good friends told me I often make people uncomfortable by violating their personal space. It was a really hurtful thing to say and completely ruined our bath."
"What do you call a pit full of donkeys?
An ass hole. (Cleaner version: A burrow of braying!)"
"What do they call a chemist who makes sodas? A fizzycist."
"I bought my wife a rocket for her birthday.

She's over the moon!"
"I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!"
"Gave a eulogy for a friend who died skydiving:
He was very down to earth.
He made a great impression.
No one dug my grave puns..."
"Where does Superman buy his shoes? Clarks, Kent."
What should you do if you're addicted to seaweed? Sea kelp.
What did the nut say when it was chasing the other nut? I'm a cashew...
"My wife isn't talking to me.

She said I ruined her birthday!

I'm not sure how...

I didn't even know it was her birthday."
"Tried a math joke...didn't add up."
"Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts."
"What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic?

Halfway."
"I just want everyone to know that Dove chocolate tastes way better than their soap."
"My wife just told me to put the toilet seat down. I don't know why I was carrying it around in the first place."
"How does a French skeleton say hello?

Bone-jour."
"I've reset my life goals to things I've already accomplished, so every day now, I'm overachieving...

It's all about perspective."
"My friend recently quit his job to pursue a career in miming.

I haven't heard from him since."
"I asked my daughter to give me the phone book.

She laughed at me, called me a dinosaur, and handed me her iPhone.

So...

The spider is dead, the iPhone is broken, and my daughter is mad..."
"What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso."
"Why did General George Custer always buy his tickets online?

He was afraid of scalpers."
"I got an email from Google saying, 'At Google Earth, we are able to read maps backwards!' and I thought:

That's just spam!"
"Based upon my shameful behavior after drinking, I finally decided to quit drinking altogether. Now I drink alone."
"Mobile phones nowadays are so expensive when you fall over and hear a crack sound, you pray it's your leg!"
"My friends laughed at me because my girlfriend is imaginary...

Joke's on them, they are too!"
"My success in life is only because I never fail at failing..."
"If you get angry when your cell battery gets low...

You should find an outlet to calm your aggression."
"I have a great bird joke, but I don't want any...

Cheep laughs."
"I just spotted a mountain lion!

Now, he's a leopard."
"If Snoop Dogg dies before pot becomes legal in the U.S., he will be rolling in his grave."
What did the triceratops tow with his tow truck? Tyrannosaurus Wrecks.
"My wife is a social vegan...

She avoids meet."
"I once tried to quickly make a square but I ended up with an octagon...

That's what happens when you cut corners."
"How old were you when you realized that 'Be there or be square'...

Is because you're not a-round."
"Today I had a fight with our gardener. He got tulipie."
"Army barbers get paid to shave their privates."
"When my grandma died, I had her cremated and put her ashes in a trophy that said World's Best Grandma.

She urned it."
"What do you call a bean that's not cool anymore?

A has-bean."
"What sort of room has no windows or doors?

A mushroom."
"Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating?

Because they have no body to go with."
"I think we're in for a bad spell of weather."
"I told my friend I have a fear of speed bumps.

He said, 'You’ll slowly get over it.'"
"There are 10 types of people in this world.

Those who understand binary and those who don't."
"What does a house wear?

Address!"
"How did I get out of Iraq?

Iran!"
"My wife told me that I'd never accomplish anything in life because of my procrastination.

I replied,
Just you wait!"
"Sat next to a fruit machine addict at a gamblers anonymous meeting last night. It was awful!

He kept nudging me!"
"Statistics say that 1 out of 3 people in a relationship is unfaithful.

I just need to work out if that's my wife or my girlfriend."
"What do you get if you eat Christmas decorations?

Tinselitis."
"Recently I bumped into the guy who sold me my antique globe.

It's a small world."
"In the battle of the mint - the spearmint attacked the soft mints - all they could yell was... Where are the reinforcemints?"
"I have a very old tire gauge.

It is a family air-loom."
"My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby."
The weirdest summer job I have ever had was cleaning the monkey cages at our local zoo. That stuff was bananas.
My wife asked me to bring home some stuff for the pancakes. She wasn't happy when I came back with a push-up bra.
I saw an angry musician flipping someone off... It was a songbird.
"My wife really upset me in my dream. When I woke up and told her about it, she said it was probably something I started. So I ended up apologizing and bought her flowers."
"What does a panda use to make pancakes? A pan... duh!"
"One day I changed a lightbulb, crossed the road, and walked into a bar. Then I realized my whole life was a joke."
"I was walking through a quarry and said to the foreman, 'That's a big rock!' 'Boulder,' he replied. So I puffed out my chest and shouted, 'Look at that enormous rock over there!'"
"Why are balloons so expensive? Inflation..."
"My bum was sore after a curry. My wife said, 'Ring Sting.' I said, 'Why? What will he know about it?'"
Why couldn't the fungus have a party? His house didn't have mushroom.
"I just read an article about the dangers of drinking and what it does to your body. Not gonna lie, it freaked me out. So that's it! After today, no more reading."
"A man took an airline to court after his luggage went missing.

Unfortunately, he lost his case!"
"Batman doesn't go anywhere in Nepal. But Kathmandu."
"I was just voted Least Likely to Succeed by my graduating class. I hate being a teacher!"
"Why aren't Greeks morning people?

Because Dawn is tough on grease."
"Two cows standing next to each other in a field.

Daisy says to Dolly: I was artificially inseminated this morning.

I don't believe you, replies Dolly.

It's true, no bull!"
"I use Amazon boxes for cat litter. When they're full, I just tape them back up and leave them on the porch."
"Sarcasm will get you nowhere in life, my boss told me.

It got me to the International Sarcasm finals in Chile in 2009.

Really?

No."
"I told my toaster it wasn't waterproof, but it just didn't listen. I was shocked."
"I have a joke about Einstein, but it's not relative...."
"To the scumbag that stole 100 cans of Red Bull from my shop!

I don't know how you can sleep at night."
"What do you get if you divide the circumference of a pumpkin by its diameter?

Pumpkin pi"
"My ex-girlfriend was obsessed with trying to find the largest known prime number. I sometimes wonder what she is up to now."
"I asked a trainer in the gym what kind of machine I should use to make myself more attractive to women.

He said, 'Try a cash machine.'"
"Raw meat used to make me sick.

But now I'm cured."
"A steak pun is a rare medium well done."
"The skip intro button on Netflix is so cool. Tinder should have one too."
"I decided to take the side mirrors off my car last week. I haven't looked back since."
"Why was Adele's phone bill so high? Because she must have called a thousand times."
"Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school."
"When my wife found out I replaced our bed with a trampoline, she hit the roof."
"At first, I thought it was great marrying an archaeologist. But then I found out she was a gold digger and my life is in ruins."
"When the pastor turned his back to the congregation, he was just preaching to the choir."
Many things can be preserved in alcohol. Dignity is not one of them.
What did the French chef give his wife for Valentine's Day? A hug and a quiche!
A thief broke into my house last night looking for money. So I got out of bed to look with him.
Why didn't Dwayne Johnson's downstairs neighbor recognize him? Because he's been living under a rock.
"Teacher: I wish you would pay a little attention.
Pupil: I'm paying as little as I can!"
"My wife left a note on the fridge: 'This is not working, I'm going to my mom's house.' I opened the fridge door, the light was on, the juice was cold. What the heck did she mean?"
"I just finished writing a book on penguins...

Now that I think about it, it would have been much easier to do on paper..."
"My wife just said that if I don't get off my computer and help with the dishes, she's gonna slam my head on the keyboard, but I think she's jokinhwnnriowenjauhuhyfewbh48943983wbedjhhfws7hg873243nbiu2q378hgfdbuifqbqwuiehguh-asdhnjqweiorijndaklajhb"
"What did the cell say to his sister when she stepped on his foot?

Mitosis."
"By law, I'm not allowed to be buried in a cemetery
.
.
.
because...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

I'm not dead yet..."
"And for our next band, would you please welcome the repo men.

Take it away, boys."
"I wonder if the Arachnophobia help line... has a website...."
"What do you do with a sick chemist?

If you can't curium

and you can't helium,

you may as well barium."
"Why is 16 always full? Because it 8 and 8."
"I've just poured superglue into a non-stick pan.

Someone's going to be wrong."
"What do you call a fish with no eyes?

A fsh"
"A Pennsylvania man is suing Smart Water for not making him smart.

I'd like to formally announce my lawsuit against thin mints... because they're not making me thin."
"It is impossible to defeat a stubborn person in an argument."
"My parents said that if I got a tattoo I'd have to get it in a place that didn’t matter... So I got it in Appleton, Wisconsin."
I have an egg joke that will crack you up. But I’m worried it might not be all it’s cracked up to be!
I'm pretty sure that the hotel receptionist was checking me out.
What type of fish do two Sodium atoms make? 2Na.
When do people start using their trampolines more? Spring time.
"According to Greek Mythology, Chiron was half horse, half human doctor. This made him the Centaur for Disease Control..."
"My son got a part in his school play! He is playing a man who has been married 25 years. I told him not to be too upset though, he might get a speaking part next time!"
What happens when Argentinians fail to pay their taxes? It gets a little Messi in court.
I usually do pork shoulder when I smoke meat. I thought about branching out and doing some beef. But I don't wanna brisket.
"I have a friend who participated in a marathon in Scandinavia.
She said she was never so happy to cross the Finnish line..."
"How do cats receive phone calls?
Meow?"
"What do you call a fly without wings?
A walk."
"They told me I'd never be good at poetry because I'm dyslexic. But so far I've made 3 jugs and a vase, and they're lovely."
"Hey, NASA, I'm not saying that demoting a planet named after the Roman god of death stoked his rage and brought down his vengeful fury and retribution, but..."
"I just got hired at a company that makes bicycle wheels! I'm the spokesperson."
"What do you call an airship made up of lights?
A LED Zeppelin."
"As a lumberjack, I know that I've cut exactly 2,417 trees. I know because every time I cut one, I keep a log."
"People saying boo! to their friends has risen by 85% in the last year.
That's a frightening statistic."
"If life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic."
"Mountains aren't just funny...

They're hill areas."
"What was Beethoven's favorite snack? BA-NA-NA-NA"
"What's the best dessert for Halloween? I Scream."