"I made a bicycle by folding up some paper in my desk drawer.
It doesn't move though - it's a stationery bike."
"What did the ghost bring to the party? Boos..."
"I just swapped our bed for a trampoline. My wife hit the roof."
"How do you make an egg roll?

Push it downhill."
"I have a joke about trickle-down economics. But 99% of you will never get it."
"What did the farmer say to the cow after night? It's pasture bedtime!"
"Just the other day I learned the best Russian milkshakes come from Moscow's.

Who moo?"
"What do you call an obsessively neat adolescent?

Pristine."
"Why was the pancake arrested?

Because he was behaving un-waffle-ly."
"My wife said it's over and just walked out on me! But I just sat there. I always like watching the credits to the end."
"A delivery driver just knocked on my door and handed me an 8ft anaconda.

I didn't order that, must be some sort of Amazon mix-up."
"I was struggling to get my wife's attention. So I simply sat down and looked comfortable. That did the trick."
"What happened when two silkworms challenged each other to a race? It ended in a tie."
"I had a joke about the Beatles, but I told it Yesterday."
"A North Korean soldier walks into a bar.

The bartender asks: How's it going?

The North Korean soldier replies: Can't complain."
"What's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil?

No one ever paid $50 to have a lentil on their face."
"Teacher: Jennifer, can you tell me where the Red Sea is?

Jennifer: Yes, ma'am, it's on the last line of my report card."
"Bro, can you pass me that pamphlet? Brochure."
Are all nuns creatures of habit?
"Every morning on my way to work, I slip on the frozen newspaper on our front porch.

I've fallen on some hard Times."
"Teacher: I'm your son's teacher and I'm calling to tell you that he is a compulsive liar.
Woman: And he's a good one. I don't have a son."
"English memes are dank, but German memes are danke."
"I consider myself an art and history buff...

I just Louvre museums!!"
"Pregnant women have 8 limbs and are therefore arachnids..."
"I just saw my wife walk by with her sexiest underwear on, which can only mean one thing... It's laundry day."
I took a tour of a hat-making factory. It was very captivating.
"I go camping every July with a bunch of nerds.

It's very in tents!"
"A grasshopper walks into a bar and the bartender says:
'Hey, we have a drink named after you!'

The grasshopper says,
'You have a drink named Steve?'"
"What does an unhappy Scandinavian say? I wish I was never Bjàrn."
"A man with authority walks into a bar...

and orders everyone a round..."
"People said I'd never get over my obsession with Phil Collins.

But take a look at me now."
"Two satellites decided to get married.
The wedding wasn't much,
but the reception was incredible."
"I was kidnapped by a gang of mimes. They threatened to do unspeakable things."
"What do you call a Mexican bodybuilder who's run out of protein?
No whey, Jose."
"What's red and bad for your teeth?
A brick."
"I got thrown out of a casino once...
I totally thought that's what the craps table was for..."
"I warned my daughter about using her whistle inside and gave her one last chance.
Unfortunately, she blew it."
"I keep trying to lose weight. But it keeps finding me."
"My friends laughed at me when I said I had a hot date and they said she was imaginary...
Well, the last laugh's on them!
They're imaginary too."
"Hangovers!
God's way of saying
You kicked ass last night!"
"I named my stomach Budapest because it is the capital of...
hungry."
"A bookkeeper is a problem for a library."
"I was thinking hamburger for dinner, but will have a wiener.

Entrails less kitchen prep time."
"What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts? Beer nuts are $1.75, but deer nuts are under a buck."
"My wife's a terrible cook; she can never get her sauces right!

I've stuck with her though, through thick and thin."
"I don't know who needs to know this, but there is a play in chess called the 'Bob Seger'...

...that's when the knight moves."
"I have a procrastination joke, but I'll tell ya later."
The inventor of the jigsaw puzzle died yesterday. His wife is said to be in 1500 pieces.
"Genie: You have three wishes.
Me: Nice! I wish for pie.
Genie: Fine. You can have 3.14 wishes."
"What do you call a ginger kid who's good at martial arts?

The Carroty Kid."
"I was washing a car with a friend. Then it occurred to me that it would be easier to just use a sponge."
"Why is no one ever the right amount of whelmed?"
"Why do bullets ricochet off Superman's chest, but he ducks when the gun is thrown at him?"
"My girlfriend was complaining last night that I never listen to her.

Or something like that."
"I only believe in 12.5% of everything the Bible says.

Which makes me an eighth theist."
"Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home."
"When the federal government shuts down and workers aren't getting paid, is that CAPITOL Punishment?"
"A cheetah and a lion are racing. The cheetah wins. The lion says: man, you a cheetah. The cheetah says: nah man, you a lion."
"My wife just passed her driving test and asked me to buy her something cheap to run around in.

So I bought her sneakers from Walmart."
"People who can't stop buying full-length mirrors... Need to take a good long look at themselves."
"I showed the damaged remains of my luggage to my lawyer.

I said I want to sue the airline.

He replied, 'You don't have much of a case.'"
"How much room do fungi need to grow?

As mushroom as possible."
"I have an IT joke, but the data is insufficient because my memory is bad."
"The boss of a paint company has died of hypothermia while trekking across the Antarctic.

Medics say he needed a second coat."
"Two snowmen stand next to each other. One says, 'Can you smell carrots?'"
"What do you call Iron Man without his suit?

Stark, Naked."
"If you don't like Harry Potter puns, there must be something Ron with you!

I like them, but I'm Weasley pleased."
"I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen."
"I saw a friend using her phone to record her getting a haircut.

I think she plans to look at the highlights later."
"What do you call a bulletproof Irishman?

Rick O'Shea."
"I wanted to tell a joke about police officers, but I got pulled over before I could."
"I'm not sure I believe all this stuff about genetically modified food being bad for you... I had a tasty leg of salmon, and I feel fine."
"My puns aren't always juvenile. Sometimes they're full groan."
"Did you know you can fit any boat on your head like a hat, if you flip it over?

That makes it cap-sized."
"What do you call a group of musical whales? An orca-stra."
"What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless once you open windows."
"Why does Harry Potter struggle telling his cooking pot and best friend apart?

They're both cauldron."
"I've got an airplane joke, but it would just go over your head."
"David Hasselhoff walked into a bar and ordered a drink.

'It's a pleasure to serve you, Mr. Hasselhoff,' said the bartender.

'Just call me Hoff,' he replied.

'Sure,' said the bartender. 'No hassle.'"
"I'm writing a musical about puns.

It's a play on words."
"Never approach
a bull from the front,
a horse from behind,
or an idiot from any direction.

They're all unpredictable!"
"A joke from my daughter: Where does a tongue go to drop off its old clothes?

The Salivation Army"
"I just found out my wife has a twin. I saw her on Tinder."
"The metal detector beeped when the guard was checking me. He asked if I had any metallic stuff with me. I said:

No... it just beeped because my shirt is ironed."
"Don't you just hate that situation when you're picking up your bags at the airport, and everyone's luggage is better than yours?

Worst case scenario."
"I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks."
"Instead of a swear jar, I have a negativity jar.

Every time I have pessimistic thoughts, I put a buck in.

It's currently half empty..."
"I said to the girl in the shop: 'I want to buy a hat.'

She said: 'Fedora?'

I said: 'No, for myself.'"
"Why did the dock throw itself into the sea? Pier pressure."
"What do we want? A cure for Tourettes.

When do we want it? Now!"
"I just saw two policemen chasing a man who'd stolen a board game of very little value. It was a really trivial pursuit."
"An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Or at least it does if you throw it hard enough."
"Some people have difficulties sleeping...

but I can do it with my eyes closed."
"They say wine improves with age... But I still don't like it, and I'm 56!"
"I passed tents talking in past tense

then I realized I'd passed past tents."
"My mom wasn't happy with my school report. I said: Okay. She said: I want more A's. I replied: OKAAAAAAAAAY."
"My dad told me that when he was young, he once had to miss class because of hypothermia.

Said he was too cool for school."
"People are complaining about this being the hottest summer in the last 100 years. I'm more of a glass-half-full kind of guy. I'm thinking of it as the coldest summer in the next 100 years."
"If you're depressed about all the sea creatures in captivity at SeaWorld, help them escape.

It releases end dolphins."
"Waiter: I'm glad you enjoyed your dinner. How did you find the steak?

Me: Super easy. It was right next to the potatoes."
"Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar?

They each got six months."
"for those of you wondering what my wife thinks about my girlfriend,

my girlfriend is like the square root of -100.

A solid 10, but also imaginary."
"I just realized my countertop is made of marble... I've been taking it for granite for years."
"I'm getting so sick of these double standards...

Burn a body at a crematorium and 'you're doing your job'

do it at home and you're 'Destroying evidence...'"
"I run a social media site for overweight stalkers.

We've got a large following."
"Did you hear about the inmate that stuttered? He never finished his sentence."
"Carving a boob from a tree would be pretty cool.

Wooden tit."
"I mistakenly leaned against a printer cartridge, and now I have toned abs."
"Why did the college student bring a ladder to class?

Because they heard the professor was going to talk about higher education!"
"Which country's capital has the fastest-growing population? Ireland. Every day it's Dublin."
"Worf changed his hair color because it was a good day to dye."
"Commercial fisheries know how to make a
pier-to-pier network."
"Have you ever wondered about those people who pay a fortune for those little bottles of Evian water?
Try spelling Evian backwards!"
"A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer...
...than the men who mention it."
"Just got the perfect tool for making good Indian flatbread. It's a naan-stick pan."
"So, I heard this pun about cows, but it's kinda offensive so I won't say it. I don't want there to be any beef between us."
People say I look better with glasses. I can see it now!
"When chemists die, they barium."
"Did you ever realize that humans cut down trees to make birdhouses?"
"My wife said I don't listen to her anymore, or something like that."
"My dad and I were building a clock. He dropped the hammer on it by accident and, without hesitation, looked at me and said, 'Hammer Time!'"
"9 months isn't really that long. It just feels like a maternity."
"What do you call it when a cat wins a dog show? A cat-has-trophy."
"A sugar cube got caught jaywalking and was written a ticket.
Two days later, it was caught jaywalking again...
The sugar cube was...
refined."
"Why did Adele cross the road?
To say hello from the other side."
"Why did the hotel clerk feel uncomfortable at work? It was a hostel work environment."
"My friends and I at the gun club often go to the cheese shop... Just to shoot the Bries."
"Asked a librarian for books on Pavlov's dog and Schrödinger's cat.
She said it rang a bell but didn't know if it was there or not..."
"My wife and I were up all night arguing about the laundry. At 2AM, I folded."
"What are Santa's Elves called?
Subordinate Clauses."
"To this day, the boy that used to bully me at school still takes my lunch money. On the plus side, he makes great Subway sandwiches."
Who is the king of the pencil case? The ruler.
If you rearrange the letters of POSTAL CARRIERS... They become VERY ANGRY.
"I asked the librarian if she could direct me to the self-help section.

She said she could... but that would defeat the purpose..."
"Patriotism is correcting your country when it's wrong, not blind obedience... That's nationalism."
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
A kid that takes up smoking is like a youth that has gone ashtray.
"The look on my son's face when he opened his birthday present and saw it was flattened cardboard.

In my defense, he's the one who said he wanted an ex-box!"
"Her: It's not working out between us.

For starters, I'm sick of your terrible jokes.

Me: I understand. And for the main course?"
"What do you call a red-headed baker? A gingerbread man."
"I spent $80 on a belt that didn’t fit. My wife said it was a huge waist."
"I hope you all have a BEAUTIFUL DAY! Time for me to try to be productive! Hope you found a reason to grin or groan this morning :)"
"Being told I was going deaf was very difficult to hear."
"In my many years on this planet, I've learned one very important lesson that I'm going to pass on to you guys: She can eat your fries. You cannot eat her fries."
"Why don't some couples go to the gym?
Because some relationships don't work out..."
"My wife bought a new bra, and it's really hard to unhook. I don't know why I put it on in the first place."
"BREAKING NEWS:

NE WS"
"The man who wrote the Hokey Pokey recently died peacefully. The trauma started when they tried getting him in his coffin. They put his left leg in... and then the trouble started..."
"Why did the chickpea sit down?

Because it was feeling a little hummus-tired!"
"Science reveals that women have cleaner minds than men...

Due to the fact that they change them every 10 seconds or so."
"My wife is fed up with my constant wordplay jokes, so I asked her, 'How can I stop my addiction?'

'Whatever means necessary,' she replied.

'No it doesn't,' I replied."
"It's that windy outside, I've just been blown into the bar!

Probably best to stay in here until the storm passes."
"If you lose one sense, your other senses are enhanced.

This is why people with no sense of humor have a heightened sense of self-importance."
"Why is a panda the most dangerous animal in the animal kingdom? Because it eats, shoots, and leaves."
"I think it's weird that we call childbirth delivery.

It should have been called takeout instead."
"Ever been to Las Vegas?

Nope, Nevada chance..."
"My nerdy friend just got a PhD on the history of palindromes. Now we call him Dr. Awkward."
"My girlfriend said she's splitting up with me because I'm obsessed with Boy George. I replied: Do you really want to hurt me?"
"To the person who stole my sneakers and high-vis jacket...

You can run, but you can't hide."
"What do you call a blind dinosaur?

A DOYOUTHINKHE-SAURUS"
"I started my new job this morning shifting leaves.

I'm raking it in!"
"Why couldn't 8 get back up? When it fell over, it was forever."
"I threw a biscuit at my neighbor the other day, but he ducked.
Jammy Dodger."
"If you ate pasta and antipasta, would you still be hungry?"
"There's a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
Only a fraction of people will find this funny."
"When you want to celebrate Christmas, but you don't want to needle anyone...
I guess you could say you're pining for a good time!"
"A cop left a nice note on my windshield to let me know I'd parked my car correctly... It said:
'Parking Fine'"
"I felt like I was on 'The Voice' today!
I farted on the bus and 4 people turned around."
"My girlfriend left me because of my filthy and disgusting habits.
I was so shocked I nearly choked on my toenail."
"Astronaut 1: Hey, I can't find any milk for my coffee.
Astronaut 2: In space, no one can. Here, use cream."
"Why are Canadians the fiercest competitors of all time?
They always bring their 'eh' game."
"Did you hear about the mathematician who is afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them."
"A pastor recently declared it a sin to marry someone of another religious faith.

He only believes in same-sects marriage."
"You know you're drunk when you get home, put food in the microwave, and then enter your PIN."
"I drove by a truck carrying canned orange juice and I almost got into an accident.

I should have concentrated on the road."
"If I had a wooden eye... I'd have a wooden eye, wouldn't I?"
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I had a happy childhood. My dad used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill... They were Goodyears.
"When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's amore.
When an eel bites your thigh and you bleed out and die, that's a moray.
When you're smashed with a jug in a South Auckland pub, that's a Maori.
When you see a big boat tied up with a rope, that's a mooring."
"Yesterday I asked my friend, who recently became a father, how he was doing. He gave me the thousand-yard stare and said: I'm already dad inside."
"I am tired of sleeping on old magazines, but I do it for the back issues."
"A woman goes to the doctor who asks,
'What do you need help with today?'

She replies, 'I have recently sprouted 10 additional breasts, and now have 12. You gotta help me, doc!'

The doc replies,
'Wow, that definitely complicates things, dozen tit!'"
"Someone just threw sodium chloride at me.
That's a salt."
"Every single morning I get hit by the same bike...
It's a vicious cycle..."
"I hired a roofer...
but then he came down with the shingles."
"I came up with a brand new word today:
Plagiarism."
"What did the grape do when he got stepped on?
He let out a little wine."
"My wife yelled, 'Hey, the sun's coming out!' So I wore my shorts and flip flops and came downstairs. Found my son holding hands with his boyfriend!"
"With the rise of self-driving vehicles, eventually, there will be a country song about how your truck left you too."
"My wife told me, 'Sex is better on vacation.' I wasn't expecting that on the postcard she sent from Greece."
"Fun fact, EDAM cheese is made backwards...

---"
"Just accidentally put my donor card into the cash machine.

It cost me an arm and a leg."
"I'm going to give blood tomorrow.

I know it's not the usual sort of thing you give your wife on Valentine's Day, but it comes from the heart."
"For our chemistry exam, we had to write a thousand words on acid.

Unfortunately, my pen turned into a gorilla, and the floor melted."
"A guy walks into a psychiatrist's office wearing only clingfilm for shorts. The psychiatrist said: Well, I can clearly see your nuts."
My wife gave me a list of things she'd like to do for her 32nd birthday. I told her no way can we do all that in 30 seconds.
There was an orchestra conductor who threw tempo tantrums.
You hear about the latest book on poltergeists? It's flying off the shelves.
"Just a reminder about all the leftovers in your fridge.
Don't let it go to waste;
stuff yourself and let it go to waist instead."
"My ex-girlfriend and I went on our 9th date to see the new Batman film.

Our dates can be summarized as follows:

dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner, dinner Batman."
"I asked my wife for suggestions for an exercise routine. She said, Why don't you try lunges? I said: That's a...big step."
The Kaiser Chiefs are doing a gig at an Astronomy conference. I predict Orion.
What kind of fire leaves a room damp? A humidifire.
"A man walks into an ancient Greek tailor's with a pair of ripped trousers. Tailor says, 'Euripides?' Man says, 'Yeah. Eumenides?'"
"I knew a girl named Pickles.

I relished her."
"Why did the French soccer team keep scoring own goals? Toulouse."
"Website: We use cookies to improve performance.
Me: Same."
"Why would a pig dressed in black never get bullied?

Because Batman has sworn to protect goth ham."
"Why'd the condom cross the road?

.

.

.

.

It got pissed off."
"1987: help, somebody's following me

Today: help, nobody's following me"
"My doctor told me to drink two glasses of red wine after a hot bath... But I can't even finish drinking the hot bath."
"I was bitten by a radioactive lawyer and ended up with the power of attorney."
"What did the octopus say to his girlfriend when he proposed? Can I have your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand in marriage?"
"What do you call a bear that's stuck out in the rain?

A drizzly bear."
"Came home to find all my doors had been smashed in and everything was gone!

What sort of sick person does that to someone's advent calendar?"
"Why can't a green pepper practice archery?

He doesn't habanero."
"I bought a wooden whistle...

But it wouldn't whistle.

So I bought a steel whistle.

But it steel wouldn't whistle.

So I bought a lead whistle.

But it steel wouldn't lead me whistle."
"Why is it unwise to share your secrets with a clock? Time will tell."
"Elton John hates ordering Chinese food. Soy seems to be the hardest word."
"What do you say when you tickle a tiny millionaire?

Gucci Gucci Gucci."
"On a scale of 1-10, how strict were your parents?

About a 9. They even had a bedtime for my teddy bear!"
"To everyone out there suffering from anxiety: you are not alone. There's always someone behind you!"
"Obtuse angles are generally depressed

Because they are never right."
"Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a few hours. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life."
What do you call the shortest mother? The minimum.
"I have a carpentry joke. Even if I nail the delivery, you wooden understand it."
"I asked the toy store assistant where the Arnold Schwarzenegger action figures were.

She replied: Aisle B, back."
"My friend set me up on a blind date and he said, I'd better warn you, she's expecting a baby. I felt like such an idiot sitting in the bar wearing a diaper..."
"What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature?

Tequila mockingbird."
"Before they invented drawing boards, what did they go back to?

Scribbling on the walls and hoping for the best!"
"Pardon me, I'd like to take a moment and tell you about my invisible friend. He’s really transparent about everything he does."
I got drunk and drew up a graph showing all of the relationships I've ever had. It had an ex axis and a why axis.
"Boss: How good are you at PowerPoint?

Me: I Excel at it.

Boss: Was that a Microsoft Office pun?

Me: Word."
"I went to the pub earlier and had a ploughman's lunch.

He was pretty mad at me..."
"Aliens probably don't visit us because we only have a rating of one star."
"True fact: before the crowbar was invented...

Most crows drank at home."
"My wife left me today because I'm too insecure...

Oh wait, she's back.

She just went to make a cup of coffee."
"Tried changing my password to 14days but it was too weak."
"Apparently atheism is a non-prophet organization."
"A new Tesla doesn't come with the new car smell...

It comes with an Elon Musk."
"If you see a robbery at an Apple store...

Does that make you an...

iWitness?"
"Thanks for nothing, autocorrect!
I'll never get a date being a homeless romantic!"
"What did the dog say to the two trees?
Bark, bark."
"MINUTE and MINUTE shouldn't be spelled the same.

I'm not content with this content...

I object to that object...

I need to read what I read again.

Excuse me, but there's no excuse for this!

Maybe I'll wind this up and throw it in the wind..."
"What kind of cookware do Indian restaurants use?
Naan-stick pans."
"I met a nice girl at a bar last night and asked her to call me when she made it home.
She must be homeless."
"My mother used to say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach.

Lovely woman, terrible surgeon."
"Long ago, my grandfather used to make huge holes on his land, so that it could hold water.
Once a pond a time."
"What do you call corn that joins the army?
Kernel."
"What did the nuclear physicist have for lunch?
Fission chips."
"My granddad always said, 'Don't believe everything you hear.'
It was great advice... I think..."
"What's the difference between a coyote and a flea? One howls on the prairie while the other prowls on the hairy."
"There's a new type of broom out. It's sweeping the nation."
"Where do robots go for fun? The Circuit's."
"After a long argument with my boss, I quit my job at the helium factory. I refused to be spoken to in that tone of voice."
"Ten years ago today, I asked my childhood sweetheart, my best friend, and the most beautiful woman in the world to marry me...

All three said no."
"I got into a fight with 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9.

The odds were against me."
"When I was in pirate school, I hated getting my report card... I always got seven seas."
"Camping store window, January 10th:

Now is the winter of our discount tents..."
"Mama Mia: a classic Abba song or a Yorkshire lad telling his mom he's arrived?"
"If I could pick a new first name, I'd choose 'Winner' because everyone loves a winner!"
"Son: Dad, how many kidneys do I have?

Dad: You have two, son.

Son: Nope, four. (Points to belly) Two kidneys and (points to legs) two kid knees."
"So a vowel saves another vowel's life... The other vowel says, 'Aye E! I owe you.'"
"I made the mistake of asking Siri to explain women to me.

My phone's been talking for three days..."
"Can you believe I was thrown out of my church for claiming Jesus spoke with a lisp? It was a real slap in the faith."
"I answered the door this morning.

A 6-foot beetle punched me in the face!

Apparently, there's a nasty bug going around!"
"I knew a flat-earther who decided to walk to the edge of the earth to prove that it was flat...

But eventually, he came around."
"I saw a guy drop his Scrabble letters on the road. I asked him, 'What's the word on the street?'"
"My wife says I'm cheap! So, to prove her wrong, we went out for dessert!

It was quite exciting as she'd never given blood before."
"Why did Star Wars 4, 5, and 6 come before 1, 2, and 3? Because in charge of the schedule, Yoda was."
"Apparently, the clocks go back in November...

Well, I'm screwed then.

I can't remember where I got mine from."
"I finally bought my son his first watch.

It's about time."
"Why can't two elephants go swimming? Because they only have one pair of trunks."
"My mail carrier had a sex change. I guess you could call her a post-person."
"I can't remember how to write 1, 1000, 51, 6, and 500 in Roman numerals.

I M LIVID"
"Son: What rhymes with purple? Dad: No it doesn't!"
"Someone just threw some rice at me. I think they're trying to start a food fight!"
"Do you ever talk to yourself? When and what do you say?

Sure, I give myself a pep talk every morning: 'You got this! Now go find the keys you lost yesterday!'"
"Nothing comes easy in life...

Even Santa comes with a clause..."
"Did you hear what the sun did to the couple that was out riding on a bicycle built for two?

Tanned 'em."
"Dammit! My brand new kitchen and I already have a leek under the sink!

Now I have a soup-er problem!"
"What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot."
"If anyone ever asks you to spell 'part' backwards, don't do it.
It's a trap."
"The bartender suggested I take the bus home...
Turns out I was in no condition to drive that either..."
"My high school was so small, we had sex ed and driver's ed in the same car!"
"I have a theological joke, but only God knows if it's any good."
"I got a puppy for my twin sons... I think I made a good trade..."
"My fireplace has the flu..."
"Received a text from my wife saying she was breaking up with me.
Imagine how relieved I was when a couple of minutes later she texted, 'Sorry, wrong number.'"
"Push-ups, splits, crunches, blasts, curls, sliders, roll-ups, wraps.
I never have to leave Dairy Queen to sound like I've had a real workout."
"How do you make holy water?
You boil the hell out of it."
"What's blue and smells like red paint?

Blue paint."
"I'm not saying your cat doesn't care about you...
I'm saying that if
Lassie was a cat,
Timmy would still be in that well..."
"I can't believe someone has been underneath my car and stolen my exhaust. How could anybody stoop so low?"
"My kid got trained
For the potty - no fun,
So I wrote about it:
'How the Wets Was Won.'"
"I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down."
"Boy asks Grandpa,
'Have you seen my pills? They were labeled LSD.'

Grandpa replies,
'Never mind the pills, have you seen the dragons in the kitchen?!'"
"My job is digging holes to look for water. It is, well, boring."
"Are you ready?

Are you SURE?

Okay... remember you said so.

The meaning of life is math:

M is the 13th letter of the alphabet.

A is the 1st letter of the alphabet.

T is the 20th letter of the alphabet.

H is the 8th letter of the alphabet.

13+1+20+8=42"
"I always have a pickle with my sandwiches.

It's kind of a big dill."
"What do you call a girl who sets fire to her credit card statements?

Bernadette."
"When it's sunny, I think, 'Beer garden.'

When it rains, I usually go to the pub for a while.

When it's snowing, I like to sit in front of the TV with a case of beer.

I'm starting to think I have a problem with the weather."
"I had a joke about Shakespeare, but it was not to be."
"I fear my neighbor is stalking me. She was googling my name last night on her computer.

I saw it clearly through my binoculars."
"I'm so sad, I lost all my coloring books. I just need a shoulder to crayon."
"To know when the world will end...
look to the animal kingdom
to watch for the alpaca lips."
"Two muffins are baking in the oven...

One looks at the other and asks, 'Is it hot in here or is it just me?'

The second one screams, 'Ah! A talking muffin!'"
"I have a joke about kites, but there are strings attached."
"How do you make the number one disappear?

You just add a G, and it's gone."
"What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Anette."
"Watson: Why are you painting the front door yellow?

Holmes: A lemon entry, my dear Watson!"
"Warner Bros have announced they're releasing a film about a tractor.
The trailer will follow!"
"Chad and Ruth were on his Harley on their way to California when she fell off!
Chad rode on...
Ruthlessly..."
"For Sale: Thick layer of dust.
As seen on TV."
"Police toilet stolen...
Cops have nothing to go on..."
"Did you hear about the frog that was raised by bunnies?
All he could say was rabbit."
"How did Luke get around the forest moon of Endor after his speeder bike crashed?
Ewoked..."
"My pencil was stolen.
The police have opened a pencil case..."
"I wanted to thank everyone for sticking with me while I figured out the meaning of 'many.'
It means a lot."
"If I had a dollar for every time I didn't know what was going on, I would be like, why am I always getting this free money?"
"What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed?
Don't look, I'm changing!"
"Know any jokes about Sodium?

Na."
"Civil war jokes?

I General Lee don't find them funny..."
"Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France?

They were cooked in Grease."
"What do you call a laughing motorcycle?

A Yamahaha."
"I was at the Apple store today when it got robbed...

I guess that makes me an iWitness..."
"A woman walks into a gun shop.

'It's for my husband,' she says.

The owner asks, 'Did he tell you what caliber to get?'

'Are you joking? He doesn't even know I'm going to shoot him!'"
"Police have arrested a woman for stealing a sign that read: Emergency.

She claims that she found it by accident."
"Why don't conspiracy theories make good jokes?

Because they always end up being a chemtrail-off."
"I have an economics joke.

Economists can't agree whether or not it's funny."
"What happens if you throw a Finnish sailor overboard?

Helsinki."
"I asked Santa for a Pixar movie and a book of bad puns. This is my groan-up Christmas list."
"What did the mermaid wear to math class?

An algae-bra."
"People often ask me why I wanted to be a film editor. Well, to cut a long story short..."
"Yesterday, my doctor told me my chronic diarrhea is inherited. Runs in the family."
"What type of doctor works after hours? An on-call-ogist."
"A duck walks into a pharmacy and asks for a condom.

Pharmacist: Do you want me to put that on your bill?

Duck: What kind of duck do you think I am?"
"For my birthday, I got gifted a sticky deck of cards. I find it very hard to deal with."
"Therapist: Your wife has complained that you never buy her flowers. What do you say to that?

To be honest, I had no idea my wife sold flowers."
"I told my friend about my boating accident.

He asked me if I was in the boat when it tipped over.

I told him no, I was in the water..."
"All my life, I've wanted to learn how to juggle.

I just never had the balls to do it."
"Dieting fraud is high weigh robbery."
"I don't have a Dad Bod.

I have a father figure!"
"Crime doesn't pay...

I guess that makes my job a crime... :)"
"Mom, can I have a cat for Christmas this year?

No, you'll have turkey like the rest of us."
"My friend just asked me to be Usher at his wedding.

I said I'll try and learn a few songs, but I won't be able to do the dance moves."
"What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards?

A receding hareline."
"What's the difference between a candle and a curry?

A candle only burns at one end."
"I love eBay!

I sold my homing pigeon eight times last month."
"I've got a pet donkey that listens to Dr. Dre, smokes marijuana, and stays out all night.

He's such a badass."
"I've learned 99% of the English language. I'm almost there."
"What do you call a belt made of watches?

A waist of time..."
"I, for one, like Roman numerals."
"How many grammar experts does it take to change a light bulb?

Too."
"I used to be a wrestler.

I would get a guy in a headlock and write my name on their forehead.

It was my signature move."
"I think circles are pointless."
"Really cheesed off.

Every morning a huge German Shepherd poops on my front lawn.

Today, to make matters worse, he brought his dog."
"What smells better than it tastes? A nose."
"Arguing with my wife is like reading a software license agreement. In the end, I ignore it all and click I agree."
I've been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it's better than sitting around doing nothing.
"Why did the Scotsman bring a ladder to the bar?

He heard the drinks were on the house!"
"What do you call bad breath that sneaks up on you? Ninjavitis."
"I'm working on a computer joke, but I can't quite get the bugs out of it."
"If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve? Food so good, even your leftovers will RSVP."
"Did you know that fire hydrants have H2O on the inside?

They also have K9P on the outside!"
"Therapist: You have a phobia of marriage. Do you understand the symptoms?
Me: Can't say I do.
Therapist: That's the main one, yes..."
"If you think my prose is bad...
Remember, it could be verse!"
"My daughter just graduated from law school...
Now she's my daughter-in-law."
"What's the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant?
About 5,000 miles."
"You can hear the blood in your veins if you listen varicosely."
"Adam and Eve, the first people not to read the Apple terms and conditions..."
"Last week I replaced every window in my house.
I realized this morning I had a crack in my glasses."
"You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture, and they hand you the camera."
I've trained my dog to bring me red wine. She's a Bordeaux Collie.
"I can't take Remo to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him.
Guess that's what I get for having...
a purebred dog."
"Let's give him Gold and Frankincense.
But wait, there's Myrrh!"
"How do you get rid of a fat ghost in a house?
You exorcise it."
"Clooney, DiCaprio, and McConaughey decided to make a movie.
Clooney said, 'I'll direct.'
DiCaprio said, 'I'll act.'
And McConaughey said, 'I'll write, I'll write, I'll write.'"
"Redneck word of the day: Inhale
Usage: Why in the world did I go to Walmart today?"
"I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure."
"Which animal has the most memory?
The Ram."
"Why wouldn't the shrimp share his treasure? Because he was a little shellfish."
"Things I have in common with Victoria's Secret models:

1) Being hungry"
"Insurance salesmen are known to be premium lovers."
"Just locked eyes with a spider, but instead of killing him, I ran away and hid so he can spend the whole night stressing about where I am."
People are usually shocked when they find out I'm not a professional electrician...
"MISSING: Black and white cat with red collar.

Very intelligent!

Mittens, if you're reading this, please come home."
"Ebenezer Scrooge was visited by the ghosts of Christmas past, present, and future.

It was tense."
"Did you know?

When a woman is giving birth, she is literally kidding..."
"I said to the waiter, 'How long will my spaghetti be?'

He said, 'I don't know. We never measure it.'"
"Did you hear about the English teacher who went to jail?

She got a full sentence."
"What do you do with the corpse of a turkey?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You cran-bury it."
"I recently took a poll:

99% of people are annoyed when their tents fall down."
"What does it mean if the holy water sizzles when it touches your skin? Asking for a friend..."
"I start a new job in Seoul next week. I hope it is going to be a good Korea move."
"Emoji jokes are cool... But there's so 🤔 for improvement."
"A lumberjack walks into an enchanted forest. As he goes to chop down a tree, it calls out, 'Wait, don't chop me down. I'm a talking tree!'

The lumberjack smiles. 'And you will dialogue.'"
"If pronouncing my B's as V's makes me sound Russian... then soviet."
"Why is it a bad idea to play American football near traffic cones?

After a tackle, they tend to pylon."
"Working at an unemployment office must be so tense. Even if you get fired, you still have to come in the next day."
"I told my friend I didn't have any jokes about Dubai, and he said, 'Well, Abu Dhabi one!'"
"As a scarecrow, people say I'm outstanding in my field. But hay, it's in my jeans."
"My wife asked me if we could have something more Christmassy on the television.

So I put FIFA on and played in snowy conditions."
"I used to be addicted to deli meats, but I quit cold turkey."
War does not determine who is right—only who is left.
"I was terrible at spelling when I was in school.

Brilliant at jografy though."
"I told my friend I was going to make a joke about an empty glass, but it wouldn't be half full."
"A dung beetle walks into a bar and says,
'Excuse me, is this stool taken?'"
"What happened to the guy who had a fetish for population statistics? He finally came to his census."
"My wife said she saw a bowtie made from solid mahogany.

She said she nearly bought it for me, but she didn’t think I would wear it.

I replied, 'Wooden tie?'"
"My wife apologized for the first time ever today. She said she's sorry she ever married me."
"Arms for your chairs are just chairs for your arms...

-- Will Smith"
"I suppose I better get up, get ready, and hit the gym.

Sorry, typo, I meant gin."
"I live for my alarm clock collection.

It's the only reason I get up in the morning."
"Twitter: Type password
Me: Password
Twitter: Your password is incorrect
Me: Incorrect
Twitter: Try again
Me: Again
Twitter: We're gonna need to see some ID..."
"Took a dip in the pool....

Lifeguard said, 'What you got there?'

I said, 'Hummus.'"
"Bread is like the sun, it rises in the yeast and sets in the waist."
"I don't know how I fell for his pitch...
He told me the roof would be on the house...
Then he told me I still had to pay for it..."
"Mozart killed all his chickens...

He asked them who their favorite composer was and they all said, 'Bach, Bach, Bach.'"
"I went to the store to buy 6 cans of Sprite.

It's only when I got home I realized I'd picked 7 Up."
"One tectonic plate bumped into another and said:

'Sorry, my fault.'"
"The best thing about 15-cent shopping bags is that the cabinet under my sink is now worth $572,000."
I don't know if my ceiling is the best ceiling. But it's up there.
Dreamt I was a codebreaker arguing with another codebreaker about a puzzle... we had cryptic cross words.
"Who invented bull riding? 'Hey, I'm gonna hop on that 2,000-pound angry animal... TIME ME!!'"
"Came home to find two guys stealing my gate. Didn't want to say anything in case they took a fence."
"What was Icarus's favorite food? Hot wings."
"Wife: I just got stung by a jellyfish. Quick, pee on it.

Husband: (peeing on jellyfish) That's for stinging my wife!"
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"With great reflexes... comes great response ability."
"Ben's wife heard he got fired and bought him his favorite soy sauce...

...she liked to kikkoman when he was down."
"Ha – Mildly amusing

Haha – Funny

Hahaha – Sarcastic laugh

Ha ha ha ha – Stayin' alive"
"I asked a real estate agent how much it would cost to buy a hockey stadium. But she said she could only give me a ballpark estimate."
"Most folks think a T-Rex can't clap because its arms are short, but really it's because they're dead."
"My son asked me to stop singing Oasis songs in public.

I said maybe!"
"My wife is furious at me for buying an expensive make-your-own-perfume kit.

But it just made scents to me."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"A constipated pathological liar told me he wasn't feeling well. I could tell he was full of it!"
"How do you get to the weight room at Hogwarts?

Through the Dumbbell door."
"My grandfather warned people that the Titanic would sink.

No one listened, but he kept on warning them nonetheless

until they got sick of him and kicked him out of the theater."
"It wasn't much fun having a broken neck...

But now I can look back and laugh."
"They say that 40 is the new 30!
Try telling that to a speed camera!"
"I got a lift to the eleventh floor, and as I got out, the operator said, 'Have a good day, son.'
'Don't call me son,' I said. 'You're not my dad.'
He scratched his head. 'No... but I brought you up, didn't I?'"
"If you are going to hire a contractor, please make sure he's on the level!"
"What do you think is the greatest invention of all time?
I’d have to say the wheel, but the Internet is a pretty close second!"
"I got arrested for impersonating a firework.
They let me off."
"My friend gave birth in the car on the way to the hospital. Her husband named the kid Carson."
"Now that all the horses are housed, can I say they are stabilized?"
"What did the buffalo say to his son as he left for college?
Bison"
"What do you call 52 pieces of bread?
A deck of carbs."
"What do you call a fictional country?
Imagine-nation."
"The fear of St. Nicholas is known as Claus-trophobia."
"I like to talk about the Titanic whenever I meet someone new.

It's a great way to break the ice."
"I offered the old woman next door $5 for a go on her stair lift...

I think she's going to take me up on it."
"I have a foreign language joke, but you probably won't understand it."
We should make it a rule not to post any jokes about the unemployed here. They just don't work.
"I have no idea why my new plug-in air freshener won't work.

I plug it in and switch it on... nothing!

It just doesn't make scents."
"Why do Russian Cosmonauts only drink black coffee?

Because in space, no one here uses cream."
"If cardboard had a favorite sport, what would it be?

Boxing."
"Interviewer: How do you explain this 4-year gap on your resume?
Me: That's when I went to Yale...
Interviewer: That's impressive. You are hired.
Me: Thanks. I really need this yob."
"Roses are gray.
Violets are gray.

I'm a dog."
"If athletes get athlete's foot, do astronauts get mistletoe?"
"On Monday, we start Diarrhea Awareness Week. Runs until Friday."
"Two artists had a fight. Details are sketchy, but it ended in a draw."
"As a painter, I'm proud to say that some of my work is now on show in the National Gallery.
I did the skirting boards."
"I still have a landline...
Or as I call it, a Cell Phone Finder."
"Most people are jerks. Don't believe me?
Next time you see a group of people, yell out 'Hey Jerk'
and see how many look."
"When single ladies get to the age of 50, they tend to get lots of cats. This phenomenon is known as many paws."
"She sells seashells by the seashore...
Surely that's the worst possible place to try and sell shells?!"
"How many ants does it take to fill an apartment? Tenants."
"Hippos can run faster than humans on land and swim faster than humans in water.
Which means the bicycle is your only chance of beating a hippo in a triathlon."
"Tescos are raising the price of vodka by a penny tomorrow to $20. So tonight I'm gonna party like it's $19.99."
"A guy at work claims he didn’t steal the battery out of my calculator, but something just doesn’t add up..."
"How’s your New Year’s resolution going so far?

Well, allow me to explain...

Exercise
Exercis
Exerci
Exerc
Exer
Exe
Ex
Ext
Extr
Extra l
Extra la
Extra lar
Extra larg
Extra large
Extra large d
Extra large do
Extra large dom
Extra large domi
Extra large dominos pizza, please!"
"Why did the fisherman cross the road?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
For the halibut."
"I love watching flowing water on the internet.

In fact, I'm watching a live stream right now."
"My wife asked me to pass her the lip balm, but I gave her some superglue instead.

She's still not talking to me!"
"Why did the dad joke cross the road?

To get father away."
"I asked my wife to say four things about me.

She said I'm mature,

I'm polite,

I'm perfect,

and I have no idea how apostrophes work."
"The two shoemakers got married because they were sole mates."
"Did you hear about the guy who keeps knocking over bookcases? He has poor shelf control."
"A man was arrested for stealing cargo dollies from a warehouse but was let off with a warning. He was given a dolly pardon."
"You heard the rumor going around about butter?

Nevermind, I shouldn't spread it."
"Seven has even in it. That's odd."
"I have a chemistry joke, but no one reacts."
You know you're getting old when you start having dry dreams and wet farts.
If you run in front of a car you get tired; if you run behind a car you get exhausted.
"I applied to be a sperm donor and the nurse asked if I could masturbate in the cup...

I told her I'm pretty good but don't think I'm ready to compete in a tournament yet."
"I didn't think I was fat... Till the woman in McDonald's said: sorry about your weight."
"I've named my dog 10 miles.

Just so I can tell people I walk 10 miles twice a day!"
"I'm going to have my spine removed.

All it does is hold me back."
"Guess who I saw today?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Everybody I looked at..."
"I saw this lizard with angry red skin.
It then turned orange!
Then it turned yellow.
Then green.
Then blue.
Then indigo...
Until it finally became a relaxing shade of violet.
I thought, 'Calmer, calmer, calmer, calmer, calmer chameleon...'"
"One fifth of people are just too tense!"
"I'm a good person, just not a good person to split a bottle of rum with if you're a slow drinker..."
"What happens when you slip a chicken a dollar?
Chicken strips."
"I yelled 'Cow!' to a woman on a bike and she gave me the finger. Then she crashed her bike straight into the cow."
"My girlfriend wants me to choose between her and my career as a reporter.
I have some breaking news for her."
"If you're going to a Stones concert, be wary of the bad antacid that's been passed around.
It's giving everyone 'Rolling Stones.'"
"I was attending a noisy legal hearing, and the judge started yelling, 'Order! Order!' So I said, 'A pastrami on rye, please.'"
"I was arguing with my wife in a restaurant when my best friend ran off with the garlic bread and coleslaw!

I wish he would stop taking sides."
"I saw my wife, slightly drunk, yelling at the TV:
'Don't go in there!
Don't go in the church, you moron!'

Apparently, she's watching our wedding video again."
"What do you call a phone in a bag?

A sacks-a-phone."
"A neutron walks into a bar and asks how much for a drink. The bartender says, 'For you? No charge.'"
What do you call two worms in love? Soilmates.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
"A construction worker walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt. The bartender asks, 'What can I get you?' The construction worker says, 'One beer for me - and one for the road.'"
"Never return to a firework once it's been lit.

Our backyard has been off-limits for three years!"
"Why is there always a gate around cemeteries?

Because people are always dying to get in."
"I'm sitting here drinking coffee in my slippers this morning, and thinking...

I really need to wash some mugs."
"My wife is leaving me because of my obsession with Star Wars.

I said: May divorce be with you."
"My son just accused me of lying.

I wouldn't mind, but I don't even have any children."
"Why do North Koreans draw the straightest lines? Because they have a supreme ruler."
"I once met a girl from a city in Italy about two hours away from Milan.

Genoa?"
"I have a Schrödinger's cat joke, it is good and bad at the same time."
If Catwoman decided to go to Nepal... What would Catman do?
"My wife wants a life-size statue of Bambi in the garden. Personally, I think it's a little deer."
"Ever wondered why bread is just like the sun?

It rises in the yeast and sets in the waist."
"It really bothers me that Elon Musk's bodyguards aren't called Musketeers."
"I've decided to stop exercising and just learn Photoshop. Because who needs a six-pack when you can have a six-pack of abs on every photo?"
"What's a dyslexic wizard's biggest problem?

They can't spell."
"I visited my doctor today; he told me my sugar was too high.

So when I got home, I moved it to a lower shelf..."
"I accidentally stepped on a can of soda and now it's stuck in my foot.

It's an ingrowing pop can."
"A woman walks into the library and asks, 'Do you have any books about paranoia?'

Librarian: 'They're right behind you!'"
"Health tip:

The more pie you eat, the larger your circumference."
"There's a new game started at my local sports club. It's called Silent Tennis. Apparently, it's like regular tennis but without the racket."
"I just killed a huge spider crawling across the floor with my shoe.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

I don't care how big a spider is, no one steals my shoe."
"A burger walks into a bar. The bartender says,

'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'"
"If your can opener can't open a particular can, it becomes a cannot opener."
"My wife says she enjoys sex more while on vacation.

Well, I can tell you, that was an awkward postcard to receive."
"Judge, 60% of my parking tickets are bogus!!
Judge: Repeat infractions?
Me: Ok, 3/5 of my parking tickets are bogus!"
"What do vegetables do at a club?

They wait for the beet to drop."
"*visits Canada*

I'd like four healthcares, please. To go."
"I have two wives but I take good care of them both. Don't you think that's bigamy?"
"Going to the park without any food... Is no picnic..."
"Who can drink 10 liters of gasoline and not get sick?

Jerry can."
"I know a lot of puns about cash machines,

just can't recollect one atm."
"I had a railroading joke, but I lost track of it."
"Cake or pie? Well, you can't have your cake and eat it too, but pie? That's a piece of cake!"
"So my friend decided to get a face tattoo of her favorite Star Wars character. You should have seen the Luke on her face."
"When she heard me sing, my music teacher told me I should be tenor. Tenor twelve feet away from every musical instrument."
"Wanna talk about Sodium?
Na

Nitric Oxide?
NO

Oxygen, Magnesium, Phosphorus, Iodine, Sulfur, or Fluorine?
OMg PIS OF

...Potassium?
K"
"When my friend told me he couldn't decide if his favorite type of Asian food is Chinese or Japanese... I told him to call it a Thai."
"Always return borrowed money.
Even money hates to be a loan."
"In laughter, the L comes first.
The rest of the letters come aughter it."
"How does a thermos know if the drink should be hot or cold?
It just bottles up its feelings!"
"Thinking a job as a chimney sweep would soot me just fine."
"My son asked: Are these gay cows, Daddy?
No, they're bison, I replied."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"How do you say 'call you later' in math terms?

Calculator."
"If the #2 pencil is so popular, why is it still #2?"
"A German tourist jumped in the freezing water to save my dog. After he climbed out, he said, 'Here is ze dog, dry him off and keep him warm, he vill be fine.' I asked him, 'Are you a vet?' He said, 'Vet? I'm bloody soaking.'"
"What do you call musically-inclined horse feed from the Netherlands? Holland-Oats."
"Why did the barber win the race? He took a short cut..."
"I dig, you dig, we dig, she digs, he digs, they dig.

It's not a beautiful poem, but it's very deep."
"A bear walks up to the bar and says, 'Gimme a beer or I'll eat that lady.'

The bartender says, 'We don't serve bears.'

The bear goes over, eats the girl, and says, 'Now gimme a beer.'

The bartender says, 'We don't serve bears or addicts.'

The bear says, 'Addicts?'

The bartender says, 'I saw that barbiturate.'"
"A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot."
"A rental car just drove over my foot.

Hertz."
"Just found out that falcons live 10-15 years, and the oldest recorded Peregrine Falcon was at least 19 years, 9 months, when it was identified in 2012, the same state where it had been banded in 1992.

That means that every single Falcon alive today is a Millennial Falcon..."
"Did you hear about the farmer who drowned in chickpeas?

The police suspected it was a hummucide."
"What's the best thing for a hangover?

Drink loads the night before."
"I have a musical joke without measure.

I'm not sure how to scale it!"
"There is a nudist club meeting next Saturday.

I might go if I have nothing on."
"Crocodiles can grow up to 15 feet.

But most have only four."
"I just found out that Microsoft bought Skype for almost 9 billion dollars.

Idiots... they should have downloaded it for free!"
"People laugh at my car because it's ugly and green.

But at least I avocado."
"I got gas today for $1.39.

You can always count on fast food for a bargain!"
"Mahatma Gandhi walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate little, which made him frail and with his odd diet he suffered from bad breath. This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis."
"Man goes to the doctor: 'Doctor, I've got a golf ball stuck up my butt.' The doctor asks: 'How did that get up there?' The man replies: 'I don't know, but it's up a fairway!'"
"I walked into my boss's office and handed him a pear.

'What's this for?' he said.

'A pay raise. My wife told me to grow it and then ask you.'"
"Mrs. Doc was worried about meeting new people on our upcoming cruise. My friend said, 'Don't worry. We'll all be in the same boat.'"
"A man successfully brought a suit against a grocer when he slipped and fell on a banana in the grocer's store. However...

...it was overturned on appeal."
"I tried a bit of finger painting yesterday.

Wish I hadn't bothered, it took me 8 hours just to do the baseboards."
"People say my hobby of filling farm animals up with helium is morally reprehensible.

But I say, whatever floats your goat."
"How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh?

Ten-tickles."
"*BOOM*

Mom shouts: What was that?

Me: My coat fell.

Mom: It sounded a lot heavier than that!

Me: I was in it."
"I was going to tell a joke about education, but it’s too elementary."
"What did the black pepper say to his wife after coming out of the grinder? 'Don't worry, I'm fine.'"
"My daughter turned 18 today, so I bought her a locket and put her picture in it.

As I gently placed it around her neck, choking back the tears, I said, 'Well, sweetheart, I guess you really are...

Independent.'"
"My twin brother called me from prison.

He said: You know how sometimes we finish each other's sentences..."
"You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon.

She let it go!"
"[Enter Password]
Wrong
Wrong
Wrong
Wrong
Wrong
[Reset Password]
NEW PASSWORD CAN'T BE OLD PASSWORD.
**Sets Computer on fire**"
"Q: How many Republicans does it take to change a light bulb?
A: None. Republicans are afraid of change—even if it makes the world a brighter place."
"My New Year's resolution is to give up sexual innuendos.

Which is going to be extremely hard."
"Shop assistant: How about this one?

Psychic: That shirt is too small.

Shop assistant: You didn't even try it on?

Psychic: I'm a medium."
"If you spend too much time sitting on icebergs, you'll get polaroids..."
"My mom always used to say 40 is the new 30.

Lovely woman, banned from driving."
"Have you heard of the dyslexic agnostic insomniac?

He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog."
"I would tell you a joke about a swimming pool, but it's a bit deep."
I've been watering my herbs with leftover coffee. I love coffee thyme.
"Marriage is a relationship where one person is always right, and the other is the husband."
"Sundays are always a little sad, but... The day before is a sadder day."
"Where do you weigh a pie?

Somewhere over the rainbow, weigh a pie."
"Next to the US military, Disney is the largest buyer and importer of explosives in the United States... Are you worried yet?"
"Doctor: (handing me my newborn baby) I'm sorry, but your wife didn't make it.

Me (handing the baby back): Then bring me the one she made!"
"While at a zoo, I saw a man from Prague be eaten by a lion. The zookeeper was incredulous when I told him it was the lion. Despite my protests, the zookeeper euthanized and autopsied the lioness. Her stomach was empty. No one believes me when I say the Czech is in the male."
"I sometimes use big words that I don't fully understand, in an effort to make myself sound more photosynthesis."
"Why can't humans hear a dog whistle? Because dogs can't whistle."
"What do you call a zombie that writes music? A decomposer."
"A little boy came running up to me and pleaded,
'Please help! My daddy is in a fight!'
I followed him and came across two men fighting,
so I asked him, 'Which one's your dad?!'

He shouted, 'I don't know! That's what they're fighting about!'"
"Her: What do you do?

Me: I race cars.

Her: Do you win many races?

Me: No, the cars are much faster."
"What's the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? One takes things literally, the other takes things, literally."
"The only thing we don't have a god for is premature ejaculation...
but I hear that it's coming quickly..."
"Rudolph the Red-Nosed reindeer dead at 53, I know it's sad.
Over Barcelona today, the famed reindeer was hit by a flock of seagulls and a 747.
Eyewitnesses report that the Reindeer in Spain was hit mainly by the plane."
"Why is Apple's headquarters so hot? They refuse to install windows."
"My roommate says our house is haunted. But I've lived here for 300 years and not noticed anything unusual."
"I recently took an airline to court after my luggage didn't turn up... I lost my case."
"The Beach Boys walk into a bar...

Round?
Round?
Get a round
I get a round?
Get a round..."
"I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something."
"I put up a high-voltage electric fence around my property over the weekend. My neighbor is dead against it."
"This just in:

Taller People
Sleep longer"
"Purchased a deodorant stick today.

Instructions say remove cap push up bottom

I can hardly walk, but when I fart, the room smells lovely."
"Why did the can-crusher quit his job? Because it was soda-pressing."
"I was trying to figure out why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me."
"What do you get if you cross a pelican and a zebra?

Two streets further away."
"I asked my wife how to turn Alexa off.

She said: How about walking through the room naked?"
"If you put your left shoe on the wrong foot, it's on the right foot."
That strange moment when you walk through a big spider web and instantly turn into a karate master.
"I once asked a taxidermist what he does for a living. He said: Oh, you know...stuff."
"Finding your lost luggage at the airport should be easy.
However, that's not the case."
"They say British people like to join queues. They don't... and they'll be first in line to tell you that!"
"If you could shop for free at one store, which one would you choose?
I'd pick any store that sells happiness!"
"Last Valentine's Day, my wife said she'd go on top for a change.
I love our bunk beds!"
"I was named after my dad.
Because I couldn't possibly have been named before him."
"What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe?
Roberto."
"If Mike offers to take you to the movies, and Nick offers to take you to lunch in the park, I'd say...
pick Nick!"
"How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?
You'll see one later and one in a while."
"Daffynitions
Rubberneck (V):
What you do to relax your wife."
"I'm developing a fear of sausages... I fear the wurst."
"I took my dog to the park today to play frisbee with him.
He was useless! I need a flatter dog."
"Did you know that a raven has 17 rigid tail feathers called pinions,
while a crow only has 16?
The difference between a raven and a crow
is just a matter of a pinion."
"The guy who invented the TV remote control has died. He's to be buried between two cushions on a sofa."
"Someone broke into my house and stole a limbo stick.
How low can you go?"
"An ego and a superego walked into a bar, and the bartender asked for their ID."
Just spent $300 on a limousine and discovered that the fee doesn't include a driver. Can't believe I've spent all that money and have nothing to chauffeur it.
3.14% of sailors are Pi Rates.
"Just bought some new tires for my car, really struggled to get them on, and had to get my friend Michelin."
"Dogs float on water because they're good buoys!"
"I have a cooking joke, but it's half-baked."
"My girlfriend wanted to have a conversation with me about why I'm so childish, but it never happened... I wouldn't give her the password to my treehouse."
"Dad: Someone here is possessed by an owl.

Son: Who?

Dad: Mhmm, guess we found it."
"My wife always prefers the stairs, whereas I always like to take the elevator. I guess we are raised differently."
"Mary and John, siblings, grew up on a sheep farm. Soft-hearted John eventually became a vegan. Mary cut down on eating meat but, once in a while Mary had a little lamb."
"How do fleas travel from place to place? By itch-hiking!"
"Apple is designing a new car, but we're not sure when it will be available... they're having trouble installing windows."
"I WRITE ALL MY JOKES IN CAPITALS.

THIS ONE WAS WRITTEN IN PARIS."
"EVERYONE CAN BE A TEACHER; TEACHING US WHAT TO DO,

AND OFTEN

WHAT NOT TO DO."
"If you could be great at one sport, which would you choose? I'd choose dodgeball... because I keep dodging responsibilities anyway!"
"I have made myself too many places to store books.

I have no shelf control."
"Where do fish wash?

In river basins.

Where do fish sleep?

In river beds."
"I'm inclined to be laid back."
"Question: What do people usually do first when they wake up? Shawn: Yawn Shaun: Yawn Sean: Yawn"
"What do you say to your sister when she's crying?

Are you having a CriSis?"
"At the therapist's office, I asked my wife, 'You are going to bring up my obsession with predicting the future, aren't you?' Her: 'Yes.' Me: 'I knew it!'"
My wife always buys cheap toilet paper... It's a pain in the ass.
"Just so everybody is clear...

I'm gonna put my glasses on."
"What does a painter do when he gets cold? He puts on another coat."
"What do you call a hot dog on October 31st?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
A Halloweenie!"
"Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts!"
"Where do cats go when they die?

Purrgatory!"
"My wife asked for something black and lacy last Valentine's Day.

Apparently, she didn't mean hiking boots."
"What bird never knows the lyrics to a song? A hummingbird."
"I was out walking the dogs today and someone asked me if they were Jack Russells. I replied, 'No, they're mine!'"
"What do you call a singing laptop?

A Dell."
"My wife gets annoyed when I mess with her wine. I added some fruit and lemonade to it. Now she's sangria than ever..."
"Did you hear about the man who cooled himself to absolute zero?

He's 0-K now."
"Why did Lieutenant Worf change his hair color?

Because today is a good day to dye..."
"Statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarfs aren't happy..."
"Just read a book on 'Stockholm Syndrome.'

I wasn't convinced at first, but by the end, I liked it."
"It was hard getting over my addiction to the hokey pokey, but I’ve turned myself around."
What kind of shoes does a frog wear? Open-toad...
I’ve recently developed a severe phobia of elevators. I’m taking steps to avoid them.
I bought a really expensive laxative from the pharmacy. It gave me a good run for my money.
"I told my mom I've decided I'm moving to Italy.
She said, 'Stop being Sicily.'"
"My extra sensitive toothpaste doesn't like it when I use other toothpastes."
"Electricians have to strip to make ends meet..."
"In English, a double negative forms a positive. In some languages, like Russian, a double negative is still a negative. In no language in the world can a double positive form a negative.
Yeah... right..."
"Where do naughty rainbows go? Prism."
"I've been saying 'mucho' more when talking to my Hispanic friends. It means a lot to them."
"If you've heard of Murphy's Law, which is that anything that can go wrong will go wrong,
then have you heard of Cole's Law?

It's thinly sliced cabbage..."
"A man walks into a bar with a kangaroo. After a few pints, the kangaroo passes out, so the man gets up to leave.

'Hey!' says the bartender, 'You can't leave that lyin' there!'

The man turns and says, 'That's not a lion, it's a kangaroo!'"
"What do you get if you cross a shark and a snowman?

Frostbite."
"A man goes to the doctor with a piece of lettuce dangling from his rectum. 'That looks nasty,' says the doctor.

'Nasty?' the man says, 'That's just the tip of the iceberg.'"
"Birds are alright, but I still don't trust anything that eats with its pecker!"
"I dated a woman who was obsessed with bowling.

I struck out...

I guess I need to stay in my own lane.

It was too hard to talk to her; her mind was always in the gutter!"
"'I bet you can wrap Christmas presents with your eyes shut now,' I said to my wife.

'I probably could,' she laughed.

'Great, I'll just go and get yours,' I replied."
"Can someone please tell me what the lowest rank in the Marines is? I asked a Marine, and all he would say is, 'It's Private.'"
"I thought my dad spent all his savings on an expensive wig.

But one look and I realized it was a small price toupee."
"What is the motto of people who harvest organs?

We de-liver!"
"I went to the doctor and he said, 'You've got hypochondria.'

I said, 'Not that too!'"
"My fingers always go numb on the ride into work. I'm sure it's carpool tunnel syndrome..."
"Can February March?

No, but April May."
"I've realized I'm not a fan of lemon preserve; it's just a curd to me."
"What's a cannibal's favorite snack? A knuckle sandwich."
"Glad I learned about parallelograms in high school instead of how to do taxes.

It comes in handy during the parallelogram season!"