"What's the difference between a seagull and a baby without a diaper?
One flits across the shore, the other sits and adores."
"Why do squirrels swim on their backs?
To keep their nuts dry!"
"How does Darth Vader know what Luke Skywalker has got for Christmas?
He felt his presents."
"Archaeologists have discovered an oil stain that might be more than a thousand years old.
It is Ancient Grease."
"I ordered a bride online, and she arrived today.
She's the Wi-Fi always dreamed of."
"Trust Scrabble players.
They keep their word!"
"I have a pilot joke, but it just doesn't take off."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"I hate my job as a waiter.
But it puts food on the table."
"I've started telling everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes.
It's all about raisin awareness."
"My boss said I wouldn't be late for work every day if I got a potato clock.
Can anyone tell me where I can get a potato clock? Maybe it's time I 'ketchup' with my schedule!"
"I tried to write a chemistry joke, but it never got a reaction."
"I got really emotional this morning at the gas station...
I don't know why...
I just started filling up."
"I have a statistics joke, but it's not significant."
I don't have a carbon footprint. I just drive everywhere.
"Why do we have to rake forests?

Because Nature Abhors a vacuum!"
"I have a political science joke, but it's not politically correct."
"Cop: I'm arresting you for illegally downloading the entire Wikipedia.
Man: Wait! I can explain everything."
"What cheese would you use to hide a small horse?

Mascarpone."
"Does anyone know a cure for excessive ear wax?

If you do, please give me a shout."
"One of my friends is a really stubborn hardcore raver.
She keeps trying to make me rave with her!
She just won't techno for an answer."
"To the man in the wheelchair who stole my camo jacket:
You can hide, but you can't run."
"I have a procurement joke, but I don't think you'll buy it."
"Why did the tea bag go to therapy?
It couldn't handle the strain."
"Doctor, I think I'm a moth.

It's not a doctor you need, it's a psychiatrist.

I was on my way there when I saw your light on!"
"My parents admitted that the night I was conceived they were both drunk on Australian beer.

It's not nice finding out you're a Fosters child!"
"At a certain point in your life, sitting at home alone, watching TV on a Friday night goes from being super depressing to the most enjoyable part of your week."
The first rule of Passive Aggressive Club is... ...you know what? Never mind. It's FINE.
"Where do cats learn to clean themselves?

At a Cat Lick school."
"You can never lose a homing pigeon. If your homing pigeon doesn't come back, what you lost was a normal pigeon."
Gonorrhea would have been a great name for diarrhea medicine.
"Has anyone else tried Stallone's scones?

They're the best thing since Sly's bread!"
"I recently published a book about poltergeists. It's doing really well, it's flying off the shelves..."
"The only thing flat earthers fear...

is sphere itself."
"What tastes better: a moon rock or a space rock?
...
A space rock because it's a little meteor."
"How do trees get online?
They log in."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"Just bought an original Van Gogh coffee table.
I know it's original because there's a bit of veneer missing..."
"Someone proposed to SpongeBob.
They gave him a wring."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?
Because they make up everything!"
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?
They don't have the guts."
"I was feeling bad about the future today, but then I installed the new version of Office.
It improved my Outlook."
"My wife said she wanted me to put the magic back into our relationship.
I don't think sawing her in half was quite what she had in mind."
"Anyone looking for a gardener? I can recommend Little Richard. He came round to ours and...lopped all the rhubarb, he lopped bamboo."
"I once went for a job as a gold prospector, but it didn't pan out."
"I have CDO.

It's like OCD, but the letters are in alphabetical order.

Like they're supposed to be."
"How did Mary and Joseph know that Jesus was 7lb 6oz when he was born?

They had a weigh in a manger."
"I don't like milking cows because of the smell of the dairy air."
"My camera battery died when I was recording my wife giving a toast at her parents' 50th wedding anniversary. Now I'm never going to hear the end of it."
"My wife warned me that if I take another picture of her, she'll be furious. That's when I snapped!"
"An annoyed bird landed on my doorknob...

Then it flew off the handle!"
"You're in your bed.

It's 7 AM, you close your eyes for 5 minutes, it's 8:45!

At work.

It's 2:30 PM, you close your eyes for 5 minutes, it's 2:29!"
"I'm an optimistic pessimist. I'm positive things will go wrong."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"A lion, a witch, and a wardrobe walk into a bar.

The bartender says, 'I'm serving Narnia!'"
"I paid $25 for a 3-mile taxi ride to the laundromat! I feel like I've been taken to the cleaners..."
"Did you hear about the guy that got arrested for stealing hay? He made bale."
"I'm debating whether to write YES on my left hand and NO on my right hand.

I mean, on the one hand, yes, but on the other hand, no."
"What's the difference between Donald Trump and a worm? One of them is a slimy, loathsome creature incapable of complex thought; the other one actually shows up when it rains."
I should have known better than to flush my wooden shoes down the toilet. Now it's clogged.
"A kid decides to burn his house down. Dad, putting his arm around his wife, both with tears welling in their eyes, says, 'That's arson.'"
"I work in security, and I want to get a pumpkin for my desk. It'll be my security gourd."
"I'll do Algebra. I'll even do Calculus...

But graphing is where I draw the line."
"I just called the paranoia hotline. A guy answered, 'How the heck did you get this number?!'"
Rigor mortis is nature's Viagra.
I have an orchestra at home that I cannot tweet about because of all the sax and violins.
"Two silk worms had a race...

They both ended up in a tie."
"I took two pairs of socks golfing. Just in case I got a hole in one."
"What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved."
I'm gonna get a female dog. I'm naming her Karma.
What do you call a one-armed karate man? A partial artist.
"What's the difference between a sea and a sale?

You can sail a sea and see a sale."
"I asked my grandmother how she is enjoying her new stairlift. She said: It's driving me up the wall."
"For all you non-native English speakers out there:

'Read' is pronounced like 'lead.'

And

'Read' is pronounced like 'lead.'"
"Spilling a beer

is the adult equivalent of a child losing a balloon."
"I had some bad news from my folks last night. My dad breeds parakeets, and one got out last year and humped the dog. I've now got some puppies going cheap...!"
"After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets."
"My first time using an elevator was an uplifting experience. The second time let me down."
"A clown was fired for being late to his job at the circus. He is suing for funfair dismissal."
"I remember our childhood quite fondly. My favorite memory is when Dad used to roll us down the hill inside car tires.

Those were the Good Years."
"Why are fish easy to weigh?

Because they have their own scales."
"What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing. They fast..."
"Found a bullet in my avocado.

I guess you could call it glockamole."
"I just lost 20% of my couch. Ouch."
"What do you get if you put a duck in a cement mixer? Quacks in the pavement."
"I have a pen that can write underwater!

I mean, it can write other words too...

but that's my favorite!"
"Why did the astronaut refuse to fly home to visit his girlfriend?

He needed more space."
"In my spare time I like to randomly quote songs from the 90s.

It gives me an enormous sense of well-being.

Then I'm happy for the rest of the day.

And I get a little bit closer to feeling fine!"
"I heard that, by law, you are required to turn on your headlights when it's raining in Sweden.

How am I supposed to know if it's raining in Sweden?"
"After giving my son two karate lessons, he said he didn't want any more.

Still, at least I got my car washed and my fence painted."
"I was going to quit all my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that nobody likes a quitter."
"I was attacked last night in the street by a guy with a power tool. There I was just minding my own business, then BOSCH!"
"Spent all of my wages on skin cream.

Bit of a rash decision!"
"What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes?
Re-morse code."
"I just learned the medical name for Viagra.
Mycoxaflopin."
"What do you call a girl who broke up with you via Instagram?
An Insta-gone."
"A man keeps throwing yogurt and milk at my house.
How dairy!"
"What do you call people who hate long sentences?
Criminals."
"You wouldn't like me when I'm angry...
Because I always back up my rage with facts and well-documented sources.
--The Credible Hulk"
"I found a rock yesterday which measured 1,760 yards in length.
Must be some kind of milestone."
"My wife gets mad whenever I mess with her red wine. So I added fruit and lemonade to it and now she's sangria than ever."
"Midwife for sale.
Can deliver."
"I think I want a job cleaning mirrors.
It's just something I can see myself doing."
"Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be."
"Why do some beaches smell of urine?

Because the sea wee'd."
"Did you hear about Bruce Willis taking too much Viagra?

He always said he'd Die Hard."
"A farmer invested $10 million of his own money for research on the effects of marijuana on cattle.

The steaks were high."
"Two cold rednecks in a kayak...

They lit a fire in the craft, it sank...

Proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it too."
"Some random book fell on me...

I have only my shelf to blame."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"If you could time travel, where would you go?"
It's impossible persuading kids these days to write to Santa. They simply don't believe in the existence... ...of letters.
"I have a fish that can breakdance! Only for 20 seconds though, and only once."
"I feel the Kohls Kids clothing section should be called...

Kohl Minors."
"What do you call a 60-year-old whose puberty just started?

A late boomer."
"How does Darth Vader like his toast?

On the dark side."
"What do you call a group of whales on a TV show? A podcast."
"The world tongue-twister champion has just been arrested.

I hear they're gonna give him a really tough sentence."
"PMS jokes aren't funny.

Period."
"I told my son that I wash my hair with poo but I lied.

It's not real poo, it's a sham poo."
"What do you get when you cross a train and bubble gum? A chew chew train."
"This is the song that never ends!
Yes, it goes on and on, my friends.
Some people started singing it, not knowing what it was,
and they'll continue singing it forever just because..."
"If you had to leave Earth on a spaceship and take 4 friends with you, who would they be?

I'd take NASA scientists, because I want to make sure we know how to get back!"
"Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money?

It suffered from withdrawals."
"What stands in a field and goes Oooooh!

A cow with no lips."
"Things I need for Today:

--Coffee
--Perspective
--Assorted Snacks
--Kindness (if I run out I can refill by giving some away)
--Good Music
--COFFEE
--Discussions with good friends and furry animals"
"Well, to be Frank...

I'd have to change my name."
"Jellyfish have survived 650 million years without a brain,

so there is still hope for politicians."
"If you could be a cartoon character for a week, who would you be?

I'd be Bugs Bunny—always has a carrot and a clever comeback."
"I lived in a houseboat for a while, and started seeing the girl next door. Eventually we drifted apart."
"How many monsters are good at math?

None, unless you Count Dracula..."
"What happens when you eat aluminum foil?

You sheet metal."
"How do you organize a space party?

You planet."
"My brother visited the cemetery today to see our mom. He walked up to her gravestone, closed his eyes, and with a tear running down his cheek, said...

Look who's grounded now, Mom."
"What do you call a polite man who builds bridges?

A civil engineer."
"Thinking about getting rabbits tattooed on my head...

From a distance, they will look like hares."
"The number eight starts with an E. But if you spelled it with an A, it would be aight."
"Dad puns...

That's how eye roll."
"Just heard that the government is banning Roman numerals!!

Not on my watch!"
"After 20 years working on it, I finally finished my physics book... it was about time."
What happens when two snails get into a fight? They slug it out.
"What do you call a laughing piano?

Yamahahaha."
"Two friends chat and one boasts about his new car.

So I've got a new Tesla Model X; it drives itself.

Nice...where is it?

No idea!"
"If you want a big bang for your dollar, buying balloons is okay,
but buying wood to build a fire works!"
"When I was in high school, my parents wanted me to go to college to become a podiatrist. I usually went along with what my parents wanted me to do, but that time I put my foot down."
"What do you call a magician without magic?
Ian."
"My New Year's resolution for 2002 is to make fewer typos..."
"My friend had twin girls recently and wanted to name them after him. So I suggested Kaye and Elle."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"I asked the parish priest if there was still burial space in the church's mausoleum.
The response received was cryptic..."
"I just got my ancestry results back. Turns out I'm 1/3 Scotch and 2/3 soda."
"Why don't owls go on dates when it's raining?
Because it's too wet to woo."
"I wasn't really a breast man until I got older and started growing my own."
"I've got a fear of two-letter words.

I get scared just thinking about it."
"The doctor gave me just 3 months to live, but when I didn't pay his bill, he was very understanding... he gave me another 3 months."
My wife prefers the stairs while I prefer the elevator. It's okay though; we were just raised differently...
I know a massage therapist that kneads new customers.
"I arrived early at the restaurant last night. 'Do you mind waiting for a bit?' the manager asked.

'Not at all,' I replied.

'Good, take these pizzas to table 6,' he said."
"The proctologist advertised that he had a holistic practice. Talk about being thorough!"
"Why don't ants get sick?

Because they have little anty bodies."
"What do you get when you mix a motorcycle with a joke? A Yamahaha."
"My wife left me because of my obsession with astrology. I guess I should have seen the signs."
"My flirting ability is so bad that I just asked a woman in the supermarket for a date,

she took me to the packaged fruit aisle."
"I refused to submit a stool sample to my doctor.

I just don't give a shit."
"Son: Dad, can you do my math homework for me?

Dad: No son, it wouldn't be right.

Son: Well, at least you can try."
"The electrician switched careers to become a tailor because he knew how to fix shorts."
"If you want me to stop with the Thanksgiving puns, I need you to know

I just can't stop cold turkey."
"Went to a dance in the forest tonight, but there were no butterflies.

It was a Moth Ball."
"I'm cranky with my neighbor today. Yesterday he kept playing the same Lionel Ritchie song over and over at full blast. I wouldn't mind normally, but it was all night long."
"I wanted to learn how to juggle, but I just didn't have the balls to get started."
"If thieves wear sneakers and artists wear Sketchers, do linguists wear Converse?"
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?

They don't have the guts."
"What did the religious owner of a pest control company tell his workers before he sent them off to their assignments each day? Brothers and sisters, let us spray."
"Only a real genius could say these four words fast without getting tongue-tied: eye, yam, stew, peed."
"When I become a superhero, I'm going to be called Ironic. So when there's trouble and I'm running away they'll shout: Isn't that Ironic?"
"My friend and I were having a few drinks last night, telling each other our best pickup lines. Some of his were so good, I ended up back at his place."
"The source of a Jedi's power is hidden in their old brown robes.

It's just a Force of habit."
"A shot glass lifts my spirits."
"Just called the Sea Life Center for some tickets.

They said my call would be recorded for training porpoises."
"I was asked in an interview to describe my life in a nutshell...

Well, it's very dark and cramped."
"Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?

Because he didn't want to miss the boat!"
"What fish goes up the river at 100 mph? A motor pike."
"Sorry sir, we don't serve time travelers here.

A time traveler walks into a bar."
"Will a bigger doorbell compensate for a small ding dong?

Asking for a friend..."
"Why was Humpty Dumpty optimistic for winter?

Because he had a great fall."
"Just saw a man slumped over a lawn mower crying his eyes out.

He said he'll be fine, he's just going through a rough patch."
"We should've known communism would fail.

There were a lot of red flags."
"An FBI sketch artist is a bureau drawer."
"My dog plays trumpet on the subway.

He's currently halfway between Tooting and Barking."
"So I was in a hostel playing chess with a European guy when an Aussie comes up and says...

There's no way you'll win.
Why?
Because he's Czech, mate."
"Did you hear about the angry pancake?

He just flipped."
"I told my boss I was tired of being a human cannonball. So he fired me!"
"I told my wife I wanted to be cremated.

She made an appointment for Tuesday."
"Welcome to the plastic surgery addicts group. I see a lot of new faces here today."
"Wife: Did you know butterflies only live for two days?
I said, Honey, I think that's a myth.
She said, No, it's definitely a butterfly."
"I just got my degree in skydiving.

I had to drop out to graduate."
"What do you call a fat jack-o-lantern?

A plumpkin..."
"*We're off to a fancy dress party!*
Wife: What are you going as?
Me: I'm going as a small island off the coast of Italy.
Wife: Please don't be Sicily."
"I keep telling myself to quit drugs.

Like I'm going to listen to a drug addict."
"I told myself I should stop being lonely.

Then I realized I was talking to myself."
"I used to have a job as a drill operator. It was well boring."
"Server: How would you like your steak?
Me: Like winning an argument with my wife.
Server: Rare it is, sir."
"I went to a school that was so fancy, the gym was called James."
"Voldemort: Knock Knock.
Harry Potter: Who's there?
Voldemort: You Know.
Harry Potter: You Know Who?
Voldemort: Exactly!"
"A century ago, two brothers claimed that it was possible to fly. They were Wright. Too bad some airlines never learned how."
"How many dyslexics does it take to change a lightbulb?
It's too bright to tell!"
"Poop jokes aren't my favorite kind of jokes...

but they're a solid number two..."
"When I was a kid, we lived in a 3-level house. My bedroom was on the 4th floor.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
but that's another story."
"What do Kermit the Frog, John the Baptist, and Vlad the Impaler have in common?

Same middle name."
"We can fix this, but you're gonna need a butter knife, a roll of duct tape, and a car battery...
Sounds like a shocking situation!"
"At work, my colleagues have given me the nickname Mr. Compromise. It wasn't my first choice, but I'm okay with it."
"My kid's pet rabbit named Gotye ran away a few days ago, and we can't find it.

Now he's just some bunny that we used to know."
"They wanted to charge me $500 for a new hairpiece, but that was too much toupee."
"If 1+1 makes 2, 2x2 makes 4, 3x3 makes 9, how come 0x0 makes gravy?

File under jokes Americans don't understand :)"
"In high school, I failed my instrumental jazz class...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
I should have taken notes..."
"Confucius says man who stands on air conditioner is overdraft."
"I used to have a bunch of jokes about guillotines, but I cut down on them."
"In space, nobody can hear Carlton Johnson laugh."
"Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil?

There's no point."
"I took my dog to the lake today and noticed he floats very well. He's a very good buoy."
"I have an EMS joke, but it's not life-changing."
The medical term for owning too many dogs? A roverdose.
"With Britain leaving the EU soon, how much space will be freed up? 1 GB..."
"The animals on the Ark wanted to play cards but they couldn't. Because Noah was standing on the deck."
"My friend recently got crushed by a pile of books.

He's only got his shelf to blame."
"Did you hear Steve Harvey and his wife got into a fight?

It was a family feud."
"My dad avoids all French restaurants... They give him the crepes."
"People ask me what it's like to be a professional yoyo player.

I tell them it has its ups and downs."
"Police say that the man who fell into a combine harvester while trying to steal it… has been bailed."
"My sister majored in Philosophy. I saw her sobbing the other day, worried she won't get a job. I said: Are you having an existentialist cry, sis?"
Sorry. I'll try to post shorter puns. I realize this isn't the place where they belong.
"What's a witch's favorite subject?

Spelling."
"What's the world's saddest pizza? Pepperlonely."
"I see people my age mountain climbing. I feel accomplished if I can get my leg through my underwear without losing my balance..."
"I can count the number of times I've been to Chernobyl on one hand.

It's 13."
"Our maintenance man lost his legs on the job. Now he's just a handyman."
"I heard Jamaicans don't use keys... Because they dread locks."
"I was talking to a 98-year-old timber worker who'd felled over 5,058 trees in his life. When I asked him how he knew, he replied...

...he kept a log."
"My wife told me she saw a moose on the way into work this morning. I have no idea how she knew he was going to work, but I've learned not to bring things like that up with her..."
"When Arnold Schwarzenegger worked at a music store, his manager noticed that when he went on a break, the last person he spoke to would end up in the classical section. Before he left, he'd say, 'Aisle B Bach.'"
"What do you call folks that are afraid of St. Nick? Claus-Trophobic."
"I thought becoming a real estate agent would be easy, but I had... a lot... to learn."
"What do you call 2 guys sitting on top of a window?

Kurt and Rod."
"Why was Abraham Lincoln never put in jail?

He was in a cent."
"Some of my closest friends might describe me as deceitful. Joke's on them though; they aren't my friends."
"How many Donald Trumps does it take to screw in a light bulb?

We'll never know because after he screws something, he pays it $130,000 not to tell anyone..."
"I dreamt last night that I knighted a fish...

It was Sir Eel."
"Has anyone tried making a vaccine out of Keith Richards?

They say it might be the only thing stronger than the virus."
"That awkward moment when your kid's school recommends special ed, and you've been doing their homework!"
I accidentally ran into a guy who once sold me an antique globe. It's a small world.
"I once had a goldfish that could break-dance on a carpet, but only for like 30 seconds...

Then it needed a water break."
"What do you call a bigoted fashion designer?

Clothes-minded."
"I hate snakes and worms because they have no feet. You could say I'm lack-toes intolerant."
"As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden.

The plot thickens."
"What do you call a man with a shovel in his head? Doug."
"Anyone seen the Michelin Man recently?

Maybe he's re-tired?"
"Why I got fired as a commercial airline pilot:

Air Traffic Control: Alpha2392, can you confirm your location? Over.

Me: This is Alpha2392. We are in the sky. Over."
"Why is Boston struggling with harvesting honey?

There's only one “B” in Boston."
"I swallowed a dictionary, and now I have the sorest throat I've ever had...."
I ordered a giant duck at a fancy restaurant last night. The bill was huge!
"Have you ever been in a boat?

It's yachts of fun!"
"My friend took his dead cat to a taxidermist, but they stuffed the wrong end. It was a cat-ass-trophy."
I once had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
"I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it's the best ceiling in the world, but it's definitely up there."
"How much does a grand piano cost? About a grand."
"I slapped Dwayne Johnson's butt. Didn't feel like it at the time, but I realized I had hit rock bottom."
"It's very rare that a defibrillator fails. But when it does, no one is shocked."
"I don't know a single person in a relationship. All my friends are married!"
"Be careful, it's windy out there! Only went out to get my wife some bread and I got blown into the bar."
You've really gotta hand it to short people... Because they usually can't reach it anyway.
Don't Google how to start a wildfire! You'll get thousands of matches!
My wife says I never listen to her... or something like that.
My weird boss has assigned designated toilet breaks for all employees—and now it's my turn. I really don't need this!
"As I handed my dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, 'You know, one would have been enough.'"
"How do plants get viral infections? Through the birds and the bees."
"I'm really overdrawn at the bank, and they keep calling and leaving voicemails.

I wish they'd just leave me a loan."
"What kind of pants do ghosts wear? Boo jeans."
"I don't like it when people use the same word twice in a sentence. Enough is enough."
"I had a scary joke about math, but I'm 2 squared to say it."
I thought my neighbors were lovely people. Then they went and put a password on their Wi-Fi.
People who don't eat gluten are really going against the grain.
I went to a busy bar last night dressed as a tennis ball. I got served straight away.
"I know this sucks...
But when you clean a vacuum cleaner...

you ARE a vacuum cleaner."
"What happens to an 18-hour bra after 18 hours?
It becomes a 19-hour bra!"
"What do lawyers wear to work?

Lawsuits!"
"What is gray, has a tail, and a large trunk?
An elephant going on vacation."
"I don't really like the term anal bleaching.
I prefer to say changing your ringtone."
"I have a history joke but I've forgotten the date."
"Just found out my daughter failed her oceanography course. Apparently her grades were below C-level."
"Why did the house go to the doctor?
It was having window panes."
"The first rule of suspense club is...



"
"How does a computer science graduate get a date with a girl?

They Google it!"
"What's the toughest part of being a vegan?

Keeping it to yourself."
"Just saw a phone number written on a pillar...

Should I give them a call?"
"A guy walks into the bank, pulls out a gun, points it at the teller, and screams,

'Give me all your money or you're geography!'

The teller says, 'Don't you mean history?'

The robber replies, 'Don't change the subject!'"
"Man, when you have a bladder infection...

Urine trouble."
"I thought my nose was bleeding,

but it snot!"
"Dim Christmas lights or bright Christmas lights?

Watts the difference?"
"Be true to your teeth, or they will be false to you!"
The great thing about waking up early is you have the whole day to go back to bed!
"My driving instructor told me to wear a seatbelt or the force could throw me out of the car.

I can't believe he thinks Star Wars is real."
"In the U.S., if you don't pay your cable bill, you could end up in jail...

Where you can watch TV all day for free."
"If you are being chased by a pack of taxidermists,

do not...

I repeat... DO NOT...

play dead!"
"Boy: *Kissing girl on couch* You wanna take this upstairs?
Girl: Sure, baby.
Boy: Then grab the end. I can't carry it by myself."
"I turned down a job where I would be paid in vegetables.

The celery was unacceptable."
"I just went into my local store and asked for a bottle of water...

Storekeeper said, still water?

Yeah, I haven't changed my mind. I replied."
"Good deed done for the day: I was in line at the store, and there was a little old lady in front of me with $63 worth of groceries, but her card was declined!

I was feeling generous, especially at this time of year, so I helped her put it all back."
"Did you hear that David lost his ID in Prague? Now we just have to call him Dav."
"What do you say to comfort a friend struggling with grammar? There, they're, their..."
"My wife said she's leaving me because of my obsession with goats.

Meh."
"So a baby crawls across the floor to its bottle, and it's cute. But when I do it, I'm in need of an intervention?"
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
"Starting your own garden is easy, but picking all of the vegetables?

That's the harvest part."
"What did the surgeon say to the patient who insisted on closing up his own incision? Suture self."
"Me: I met a girl with 12 nipples today.

Friend: Sounds fun.

Me: Dozen tit."
"What do you call a man with a map on his head?

Miles."
"I went into Victoria's Secret and asked the assistant if they sold satin underwear.

They advised me that EVERYTHING they sell is brand new!"
"Albert Einstein developed a theory about space...

and it was about time too!"
"I just ate a mouse...

Now I feel warm and fuzzy inside!"
"What do lawyers and sperm have in common? One in 50 million has a chance of becoming a human being."
"I joined a gym and said to the trainer, 'I want to impress beautiful girls. Which machine should I use?'
'Try the ATM outside,' he said."
"I never said I was interesting.
I said I was into resting."
"The people in Dubai don't like the Flintstones...
But the people in Abu Dhabi Doooo!"
"All the victims were either deaf, mute, or blind...
A police spokesperson said they were senseless crimes."
"I had a game of quiet tennis today. It's just like regular tennis but without the racket."
"Is a Nun in heaven called Nun of the above?"
"How did the farmer find his wife?
He tractor down."
"What do French people smoke?
Oui'd."
"In my career as a lumberjack, I cut down exactly 52,487 trees.
I know because I kept a log."
"I was at a wedding the other day. It was quite emotional. Even the cake was in tiers."
"What do you call twelve examples of that which has mass and occupies space?

Dozen Matter..."
"I have a medical joke... But it's sick."
"Technically, the borders of Finland are

Finnish lines."
"What did the skeleton order at the restaurant?

Spare ribs."
"Me: It's a pretty nice warrant all right, but I wouldn't call it outstanding...

Police: Just put your hands behind you..."
"Top tip: If a telemarketer calls you, give the phone to your 3-year-old and tell them it's Santa Claus."
"I just found out my friend is color blind.

The diagnosis came out of the purple."
"Have YOU had to walk 500 miles?

Were you advised to walk 500 more?

You could be entitled to compensation.

Call the Pro Claimers now!"
"I'm really starting to hate these little Russian Dolls.

They're so full of themselves."
"My friend asked me, what's the best part about living in Switzerland? I said I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
I told my dad I want to see Spider-Man: Far From Home. He said: But surely it's the same movie if you watch it here.
"Why did the scarecrow keep getting promoted?

Because he was outstanding in his field."
"If all t's were silent

We'd never hear the end of it..."
"My dad was very upset when our bunnies escaped. It's his worst fear—hare loss."
"I'm so afraid of negative numbers, I will stop at nothing to avoid them."
"I have a quality joke, but it's defective."
"Some people think filling animals with helium is wrong…

I don't judge.

Whatever floats your goat."
"A way to determine if you are old?

Fall over in front of people.

If they laugh, you're still young.

If they panic and help you up... you're old!"
"Ed: How's your wife?

Eddie: Compared with whose?"
"What do you call it when Batman skips church?

Christian Bale."
"I told a friend I was off to California this summer. He told me to be more pacific... so I went to Hawaii instead..."
"Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth.

Then it just becomes a soap opera!"
"Humans always tend to form groups...
So I herd!"
"I looked longingly into my beloved's eyes and whispered A...E...I...O...U and sometimes Y. The priest turned to her and said: And has the bride prepared any wedding vowels?"
"Chinese takeout - $19

Delivery charge - $2

Realizing they forgot one of your containers...

Riceless."
"I once bought a wooden car. Wooden engine, wooden doors, wooden wheels, wooden seats, put the wooden key in the wooden ignition.

Wooden start."
"Yesterday I saw a police officer wearing a pilot's uniform.

I thought it was a bit odd.

Then I realized he was one of those plane clothes cops."
"Trying to untangle a pile of clothes hangers...
So frustrated I threw them across the room and started screaming and yelling.

I think I need hanger management courses..."
"I think my calendar is trying to kill me. My days are numbered."
"I asked my wife what women really want and she told me, attentive lovers.

Or maybe she said a tent of lovers...

I wasn't really listening..."
"Why was the mushroom invited to the party? Because he was a fungi!"
"Who's the coolest guy in the hospital?

The ultrasound guy.

Who takes over when he's on vacation?

The hip replacement guy."
"I was dating Lorraine, but fell in love with Claire Lee. I was loyal to Lorraine till the day she died.

I can see Claire Lee now. Lorraine is gone..."
"My wife asked me: What starts with F and ends in K? I said: No, it doesn't."
Is your iPad making you fall asleep? I can help—there's a nap for that.
"A sweater I bought was picking up static electricity, so I returned it to the store. They gave me another one free of charge."
"What do you call a veterinarian with laryngitis?

A hoarse doctor."
"Be your own secret Santa.

With Ambien and Amazon!"
"I have an electronics joke, but it was met with resistance. Guess it didn't have the right current!"
"I needed new glasses but couldn't afford a new pair, so I bought myself a monocle...

Now I have 19-20 vision!"
"Never date a tennis player.

Love means nothing to them..."
"Why do cows wear bells around their necks?

Because their horns don't work!"
"What do you call a dentist's personal ship?

The tooth ferry."
"It's so cold, we had to chop up the piano for firewood, but only got two chords."
"Calling my insurance company:
I hit an animal, am I covered?

Insurance company:
Sure, what did you hit?

Me:
A fish..."
"Why was the broom late?

It swept in!"
"I've been thinking about selling my John Lennon memorabilia on eBay.

Imagine all the PayPal..."
"A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge asks her: First offender? She replies: No. First a Gibson, then a Fender."
"I asked my wife if I could set up a cloning machine in the basement.

She said, Sure, make yourself at home!"
"What's a comedian's favorite exercise?

Stand-up!"
"I have a newspaper joke, but it's not the deadline yet."
"Exercising, cutting alcohol, avoiding red meat, and getting more vegetables will help add years to your life.

Just remember, it's your old age that will get extended, not your youth..."
"Hey officer, how did the hackers escape?

No idea, they just ransomware."
"How does the man in the moon get his hair cut?

Eclipse it!"
"What's the difference between empathy and apathy?
I don't know
and I don't care..."
"Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor."
"My boss said, “I find it highly suspicious that you are only sick on weekdays.'

I said...

“It must be my weekend immune system.'"
"I told my friend I walked 1,787 steps around the all-you-can-eat buffet tonight. He said, 'That's one way to work up an appetite!'"
My wife said she'd leave me if I didn't stop eating pasta. Now I'm feeling cannelloni.
"For our upcoming event, formal dress is required but no smoking allowed.

So remember:

clothes but no cigar!"
"I went out with a one-legged girl once who worked in a brewery. She was in charge of the hops."
"Insomnia is pretty common in my family; I try not to lose any sleep over it..."
"As I looked at my naked body in the mirror, I thought to myself...

I'm going to get thrown out of IKEA in a minute!"
"Strange beer to the left of me, cheap biscuits to the right.

Here I am, stuck in the middle with you!"
"The first time I met my wife, I knew she was a keeper...

She was wearing massive gloves."
"What do you do for a living?

I'm the lead singer in a 'Black Eyed Peas' tribute band.

I find that hard to believe.

Well, I am."
"Bought a new muzzle for my pet duck the other day.

Nothing fancy, but it fits the bill."
"An electrician didn't get home until after 2 a.m. Wife: Wire you insulate? Electrician: Watts it to you? I'm ohm, aren't I?"
Girls who talk about girls' problems are great. But girls who talk about environmental problems are Greta.
My grandpa's last words before he died were 'Pints! Gallons! Liters!' That speaks volumes.
"I was on the toilet, angry, and late for work. I thought, I don't have time for this crap."
"I was planning to tell a pizza joke, but it's way too cheesy."
"What would you get if a dinosaur kicked you in the backside?

A mega-sore-ass."
"One poor little rabbit was both deaf and blind...

He could neither see nor hare..."
"There are two of us here, and we both want the last pickle.

Talk about a dill-emma."
"My wife bought me a hideous leather jacket, but I don't mind wearing it. I'm easily suede."
Green is my favorite color. I love it even more than... blue and yellow combined.
"A few minutes ago, I came to the conclusion that tofu is overrated.

It's just a curd to me."
"A man showed up for a duel armed only with a pencil and paper. He then proceeded to draw his weapon."
"There was a big paddle sale at the boat store.

It was quite an oar deal."
"My wife left me for a weatherman.
She'll be mist."
"My wife said we should try some role reversal in bed...
So I said I had a headache."
"I called the doctor and said, 'My wife is going into labor! What should I do?'
'Is this her first child?' he asked.
'No, this is her husband.'"
"Over the weekend, I took my wife to the theater to see a performance that was all about puns.
It was a play on words."
"If I could choose my own nickname, it would be 'Champion of All Things Funny.'"
"What do you call a potato wearing glasses?
A specTater."
"I was hit on the head by a drumstick and got percussion."
"I got mugged by 6 dwarves last night.
Not Happy..."
"My wife asked if she could have some peace and quiet while she tried to cook dinner.
So I took the batteries out of the smoke alarm."
"I didn’t eat anything other than brown bread for dinner.
That was my wholemeal."
"There are 3 types of people in this world...

Those who can count and those who can't."
"I pushed three drums and a cymbal over a cliff then waited for the punchline... Ba-dum-bum-CHING!"
"Knock, knock!

Who's there?

Ice cream soda!

Ice cream soda who?

Ice cream soda whole neighborhood hears me!"
"What do you call a can opener that doesn't work?

A can't opener..."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"I bought a dictionary and when I got home I realized all the pages were blank.

I have no words for how angry I am."
"I taught my bird to play baseball.

Now he's in the mynah leagues."
"What's the difference between a cranky two-year-old and a duckling? One is a whiny toddler and the other is a tiny waddler."
"I had a stopwatch joke. It's all in the timing."
"What comes before part B? PARTAAY!"
"I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, phoned her up to arrange a date, but unfortunately, she’d popped her clogs."
"The other day, my friend told me I was delusional.
I nearly fell off my unicorn."
"What has 15 actors, 4 settings, 2 writers, and 1 plotline?
632 Hallmark Christmas movies."
"I have a computer programming joke, but it bugs me."
The sushi chef excelled in character as well as skills. He was a roll model.
"I really wanted to meet Barbie's boyfriend, but I heard he died a while back going outside during a hurricane.
I guess that makes him a Ken doll in the wind."
"What do you call a zombie's boner? A resurrection."
"What kind of vitamin improves your eyesight? Vitamin see."
"Tragedy,
The coffee cake was Stollen!"
"You can't choose your belly button...you get an innie or an outie..."
"I can always tell when someone is lying just by looking at them...

I can tell when they're standing too!"
"I have a joke about the band Queen, but it would rock you."
"As I got on the 51st floor, the elevator attendant said, 'See you later, son.'

I said indignantly, 'Don't call me son; you're not my dad!'

To which the elevator attendant replied, 'Maybe not... but I brought you up, didn't I?'"
"Today was a terrible day. My ex got hit by a bus.

Also...

I lost my job as a bus driver..."
"If your daughter feels like she should be treated like a princess...

Feel free to marry her off to a stranger to strengthen an alliance with a random neighbor."
"Why are iPhone chargers not called Apple Juice?"
"At first, I had a feeling that my underwater ocean vessel needed new walls, but it subsided."
"My universal answer when pressed to guess a woman's age:

23

23-year-olds will be amazed.
Under 23 will take it as a compliment to their maturity.
23 to 35 take it as a compliment to their looks.
35 to 50 know it's a cop-out and let it slide.
Over 50 will just think you're sweet."
"Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged."
"If the devil lived in Finland, would he wash his dishes in Helsinki?"
"I hate insect puns, they really bug me."
"I just found out AUGGHHH isn't a real word.
I can't express how that makes me feel."
"When I was just a baby, my mama told me, 'Son...
Always be a good boy.
Don't ever play with puns.'"
"A termite walks into a bar and says, 'Where is the bar tender?'"
"McDonald's will soon be offering your choice of filet steaks...
Big McStake."
"My dad said the other day when I was feeling low, 'Cheer up. Things could be worse. You could be stuck in an underground hole full of water.' I know he means well."
"If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
"A guy walks into the doctor's office complaining of rectal pain. Upon examination, the doctor exclaims, 'Buddy, there's a piece of lettuce coming out of your ass!' The guy says to the doctor, 'That's only the tip of the iceberg.'"
Boys...I think it's about time I called it a night. I'm an adult now. I can't keep calling it sleepy snoozies time.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
"My wife says I have two faults.

I don't listen... and something else."
"Tomorrow is national take your flask to work day."
"What do you call someone delivering a lot of spices? A currier."
"How do you throw away a garbage can?
You put it in another garbage can."
"Farmer: Will my pig be okay?

Vet: Of course...
Just apply the oinkment.
I ham so sorry.
I don't know what's bacon me say these things."
"Honey, there's a witch at the door. What should I do?

Just give her sweets and tell her to go away.
My mother-in-law hasn't spoken to me since."
"What's the difference between a constipated owl and a bad marksman?
A bad marksman shoots but can't hit; a constipated owl hoots but can't poop."
"If you say the word 'gullible' very, very, VERY slowly.
It sounds like orange."
"I asked my wife what she wanted for her birthday...

She said: Nothing would make me happier than a pair of diamond earrings.

So that's what I got her... nothing!"
"Me and my friends were in a frenzy last night.
It's like a onesie but all your friends can get in it."
"What do you call a dinosaur with a very big vocabulary?

The saurus."
"My wife keeps having disturbed dreams, shouting things like Hobbit!, Gandalf!, and Mordor!. Always Tolkien in her sleep..."
What's it called when someone small waves at you? A microwave.
"Chickens playing hide n seek?

FOWL PLAY!"
"I called work this morning and whispered, 'Sorry boss, I can't come in today. I have a wee cough.'

He exclaimed, 'You have a wee cough?'

I said, 'Really? Thanks boss, see you next week!'"
"RIP boiled water... You will be mist."
"I have an unhealthy obsession with soup, Supernatural, and puns.

So my life is basically soupunatural."
"I had my toothbrush stolen today.

The thief said, 'Hand it over, Oral-B mad.'"
"How does The Rock pee?

He Dwaynes his Johnson."
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?

They don't have the guts."
"My sexual fetishes have slowly been getting more perverse.

It wasn't until I spanked a statue that I realized I had hit rock bottom."
"Would a corrupt file on my computer work if I bribed it???"
"I love jokes about the eyes.

The cornea the better."
"I'm on a health kick.

I've decided to stop using the drive-thru at McDonald's!

I'm going to park the car and walk in."
"UNO is the number one card game in Mexico."
"My wife complained that my life revolving around social media has destroyed the way we communicate as a family... So I blocked her on my Twitter page."
"If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?
How about Morgan Freeman? He could make a grocery list sound epic."
"What month does every tree dread? Sept-timmmberrrrr"
"I just yelled, 'F, YOU GUYS!' at my students. I love being a music teacher."
"I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes.

And then she gave me a huge hug."
"How do you make a baby astronaut sleep?

You rocket."
"A man walks into a bar, sits down, and says to the bartender,
'This is a great place. My buddy was here last night, and he told me you have golden urinals. Where are they?'

The bartender turns to the band and yells,
'Frank, I've got a lead on the guy who ruined your sax!'"
"Apparently, I lost 31 followers today.
Guess they couldn't stand the PUNishment?"
"Tequila will not fix your life. But it's always worth a shot."
"What is a Barn Owl's favorite subject at school? Owlgebra!"
"I have a Zoom joke, but it's on mute."
"I had some religious friends who were monks.

But their order didn't allow names.

So they were designated:
Monk A,
Monk B,
Monk C,
Monk D,

and the monk who loved to climb trees... Monk E."
"Really happy to have sold my old camper.

Ecstatic."
"Quasimodo: Why are you saying I've got a bad back?

Me: It's just a hunch."
"What do you get when you cross a chicken with a skunk? A fowl smell!"
"I just found out Canada isn't real.

Turns out it was all just mapleleaf."
"I'm developing a new fragrance for introverts.

It's called 'Leave Me the Fuh Cologne.'"
"He's making a list. He's checking it twice. He's gonna find out how good his memory is since he got to the store and realized he left it at home. Again."
"To this day, Tiger Woods always brings an extra sock with him to his golf tournaments.

Just in case he gets a hole in one."
"I just bought my son a flat piece of cardboard for Christmas.

I have no idea why he wants an ex box."
"I was explaining to my son how a baton is used in relay races, and he understood right away. I gotta hand it to him."
The rotation of the Earth really makes my day.
"Bucket list:

1) Bucket
2) Ice
3) Beer"
"I have a psychology joke... but you have to want to hear it..."
"I was accused of being a plagiarist. Their words, not mine."
"My wife has this weird OCD 

where she arranges the dinner plates by the year they were bought.

It's an extremely rare dish order."
"I hate it when people don't know the difference between your and you're.

There so stupid."
"In the beginning, there was nothing...
God said, 'Let there be light.'

There was still nothing,

But you could see a lot better!"
"Police are on the lookout after a man has been breaking into farms and stealing cows.

They are looking for a man with a large moo-stache."
"Why does your nose grow in the middle of your face?

Because it's the scenter."
"I went to the zoo yesterday and I saw a piece of toast in a cage.

When I asked the keeper why, he said it was bread in captivity."
"Doctor: Your brain seems to have deleted all information about 80s music!

Me: Yikes! What is The Cure?

Doctor: Oh my God. It is worse than I thought."
"I'm making a new documentary on how to fly a plane.

We're currently filming the pilot."
"Jokes about sausages are bad...

but...

Jokes about German sausages are the wurst!"
"Time flies when you're having fun.

Or when you're wearing a watch in an airplane."
"What do you call a zombie who stir fries? Dead man wokking."
"I turned into a cat earlier...

Don't ask meow!"
"Did you hear about the giant who threw up? It's all over town!"
"My life as a movie franchise:
- Try Hard (1990)
- Try Harder (2000)
- Try Hard with Dependents (2010)
- Try Harder with Depends (2020)"
"I get a thrill out of stealing kitchen utensils.

I'm a whisk taker."
"The local auctioneer has passed away. He was somewhere around 35? 35.40."
"Children who don't learn to tie their shoes properly are bound to end up on the knotty list."
"Scientists have discovered a method to extract gold from human waste. I'm not sure myself, but I'll have to see how this story pans out."
"The cafe down the road is changing its name to The Dire Straits Cafe. They're asking money for muffins, but the chips are free."
"Did you hear about the short psychic who escaped from jail?

There's a small medium at large."
"Her: You are too immature! I can't handle it anymore. I need a break.

Me: Have a KitKat."
"My wife asked me, 'Is it just me or is the cat getting fat?' Apparently, 'No, it's just you,' wasn't the right answer."
"Why didn't the fish try out for basketball?

Because they were afraid of the net."
"You know what happens if you don't pay your exorcist? You get repossessed."
"Does anyone else wonder what the problem was with Love Potions Number 1-8?"
"If there's a bar where everybody knows your name, you're probably an alcoholic..."
"If two witches watched two watches, which witch would watch which watch? Each witch would watch which watch belonged to which witch's wrist."
"What's the best part about living in Switzerland?

I don't know, but the flag is a big plus."
"A man walks into a drugstore and says, 'Can I have a bar of soap, please?' The clerk says, 'Do you want it scented?' And the man says, 'No, I'll take it with me now.'"
"I've got this awful disease where I can't stop telling airport jokes.

The doctor says it's terminal."
"I got so drunk last night, I don't know if I found some keys or lost a car."
"I dropped a six-pack on my foot.
But that's not the worst news.
Because the place it landed on
Got covered up with brews."
"Special giveaway!
Hundreds of flat batteries.
Completely free of charge."
"A group of crows used to kill someone is called a murder."
"My wife didn't believe me when I said that I would give our daughter a silly name. So I decided to call her Bluff."
"My family doesn't like me listening to Gary Numan in the house, so I have to listen here in my car."
Remember when plastic surgery was a taboo subject? Now you mention Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
"We all know where the Big Apple is, but does anyone know where the... Minneapolis."
"I have a firefighting joke, but it's not so hot."
Did you know that rabbis don't get paid for circumcision? But they do get to keep the tips...
"Why should you never fight a dinosaur?

You'll get jurasskicked."
"My ex-wife was deaf and she cheated on me with her deaf friend.

To be honest, I should have seen the signs."
"What did the excited gardener do when spring finally came? He wet his plants."
"My therapist pointed out, the less beef you have, the more of a beef you have.

That really steered me in the right direction."
"Based on the look on your face, I'm going to assume I thought out loud again..."
"I saw a sign in a restaurant that said employees must wash hands.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
After 45 minutes, I gave up and washed them myself..."
"I asked the doctor if I could administer my own anesthetic... He said go ahead, knock yourself out!"
"Did you know that Mr. Spock actually had three ears?

A left ear, a right ear, and

a final front-ear."
"How did the tree feel in spring? Releaved..."
"Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!"
"Trying to start a Gandalf look-a-like agency is difficult...

You just can't get the staff."
"What do you call someone with no body and a nose?

Nobody knows!"
"A wife asks her husband, 'Could you please go shopping for me and buy one carton of milk? And if they have avocados, get six.'

A short time later, the husband comes back with six cartons of milk.

The wife asks, 'Why did you buy six cartons of milk?'

He said, 'They had avocados.'"
"After I drink coffee, I show my empty mug to the IT guy and tell him I've successfully installed Java.

He hates me."
"What's the difference between a bench, a fish, and a bucket of glue?

You can't tune a bench, but you can tuna fish.

And you're still stuck on that bucket of glue, aren't you..."
"While cooking today, I accidentally rubbed some herbs in my eyes.

I'm now parsley sighted."
"When my friend told me to write a book of jokes on my phone, I told them I couldn't because that would be a textbook..."
"I just spent $1,000 for a rented limousine and found out it doesn’t come with a driver. Can't believe I spent all that money and have nothing to chauffeur it."
"Do deaf people sleep soundly?

Why do ducks make great detectives?

Because they always quack the case!"
"My vacuum cleaner died...

It bit the dust..."
"I used to be addicted to eating soap.
But I'm clean now."
"What do you call Indiana Jones in a Scandinavian river?
Harrison Fjord."
"My wife is incredibly smart. When I called her from my buddy's phone, she answered, 'Hey love.' She already knew it was me!"
The doctor told me my voice box is damaged and I'll never speak again... I can't tell you how upset I am.
"My favorite Thanksgiving pie?
Pun kin!"
"I sneezed a sneeze into the air
It fell to earth I know not where
But hard and cold
Were the looks of those
In whose vicinity I did snoze"
"Just spent 6 hours linking all my watches together to make a belt...
...
Now I'm the man of the hour!"
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?
Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"I built an electric fence around my property yesterday. My neighbor is dead against it."
"What do you call a deceased Finnish man?
Finnished."
"If I lost all the coins in my pocket, it would leave my funds both different and unchanged..."
Gold miners need to straighten up and pyrite.
Never break someone's heart; they only have one. Break their bones instead; they have 206 of them.
Where do sheep get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
"I bought a horse, his name is Mayo.
Guess what Mayo does?
Mayo-neighs."
"After months of trying, my wife told me she is finally pregnant. Apparently, I'm going to be an uncle."
I live in Pripyat and I just finished watching Chernobyl. I counted 17 inaccuracies on my right hand alone.
"What do you call a woman who sounds like an ambulance?
Nina."
"Why are Christmas trees so bad at sewing?
Because they always drop their needles."
"A girl I'm dating owns a bakery and works long hours. I don't think it's going to work out. She's too kneady."
"I asked my computer tech buddy, 'How do you make a motherboard?'

He said, 'I usually tell her a long and pointless story.'"
"My friend just called me the worst best man ever. I was speechless."
"Just lost a court case to a fabric softener!

I fought Lenor, and Lenor won!"
"This guy just came into my workplace shouting, 'Vodka, tequila, sambuca!'

I said, 'Hey! I call the shots around here!'"
"I just figured out why cats and dogs like to lick Vaseline...

They must think it's a prehistoric snack!"
"Barber: 'Mr. Bond, you've got some gray showing on top. Would you like me to color your hair?'

James Bond: 'No thank you... I think I'll... Dye another day.'"
"If you take your children to the orchestra, they will be exposed to sax and violins..."
"I don't mean to brag, but I just completed my daughter's jigsaw in under 1 hour.

It said 5-6 years on the box."
"My wife and I were stuck in traffic for a long time. Frustrated, I looked at her and said, 'I'm turning around.'

She replied, 'I know, so stop eating so many burgers.'"
"My grandfather races pigeons.

I don't know why...

He never beats them."
"What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin' Catholic."
"The 90s were hard. You could end up not knowing something for days."
"It's not my fault I have a double chin...

When God was giving out chins...

I thought he said gin, so I said I'll have a double."
"Costco pun observation:
Windbreaker jackets were not on the same aisle as the professional cheese cutter giving out samples."
"I've just been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants.

Fefiphobia."
"I was washing my car with a friend the other day when he asked:

'Doc, could you not just use a sponge?'"
"My least favorite color is purple. I dislike it more than red and blue combined."
"You might be a hypocrite if...
You think any refugees should be turned away just because some may be terrorists, but you don't think all gun owners should be licensed just because some may be mass murderers."
"Why did the cheese lose a fight with a stone?

Because the roquefort back."
"What are a kidnapper's favorite shoes?

White Vans."
"I'm not great at math...

2n+2n is 4n to me..."
"Who led the Jewish people across a semi-permeable membrane?

Os-Moses"
"'I work with animals,' the guy says to his date.
'That's so sweet,' she replies. 'I love a man who cares about animals. Where do you work?'
'I'm a butcher,' he says."
"I farted in the Apple store, and everyone got mad.

It's not my fault they didn't have Windows."
"The word Diputseromneve may look ridiculous.

But backwards it's even more stupid."
"I have a barbershop joke, but it's really short."
"Someone bumped into me in the bakery, smashing my pies and pastries.

Serves me right for putting all my pastries in one basket."
"A local barber in my neighborhood was arrested for selling drugs.

Unbelievable -

I'd been his customer for years and had no idea he was a barber!"
"What does a grape say when it's squashed? Nothing, it just lets out a little wine."
I got home and found a burglar pressing one of my shirts. So I punched him! You've got to strike while the iron's hot!
"According to my friend Mariana,

if you want to measure puns properly...

You need to use a sighsmograph."
"A limerick...

((12+144+20+(3×4))/7)+(5×11)=9^2+0

A dozen, a gross, and a score,
Plus three times the square root of four,
Divided by seven,
Plus five times eleven,
Is nine squared and not a bit more."
"Did you hear about McDonald's trying to get into the steakhouse market?

It was a big McSteak."
"I deleted all the German people I know from my phone.

Now it's Hans-Free."
"I told my mom I'd made a car out of spaghetti, but she didn't believe me!

You should have seen her face when I drove pasta."
"Someone just farted in an elevator.

It was wrong on so many levels!"
"I finished my puzzle today. It took me six months, and I'm pretty proud of myself.

On the box, it says 3-5 years."
"Why do Norwegians put bar codes on their ships?

So when they dock, they can Scandinavian."
"Technically...
Moses was the first person to download data
from the cloud
using a tablet..."
"Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon?

Great food, no atmosphere."
"We're going to have an entire year of bad puns about vision. I can see it clearly."
"What did the horse say after it tripped?

Help, I've fallen and I can't giddyup."
"This guy's boss said, 'You can have a week off if you want to.' The guy asked, 'Can I have two weeks off if I want three?'"
"If the Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up...

they'd be alloys."
"To the person who stole my weight loss pills...

You'll have nothing to gain."
"I made a graph for my past relationships. It has an ex-axis and a why-axis."
"Me: What's the difference between an elephant and a matterbaby?
My wife: What's a matterbaby?
Me: Nothing, but thanks for asking!"
"The world champion tongue twister got arrested the other day. I heard they're going to give him a tough sentence."
"Why did the music teacher go to jail?

Because she got caught with too many notes!"
"My doctor just diagnosed me with a severe lack of awareness. That came out of nowhere."
"I'm taking my Rastafarian friend to get his hair done next week. It's fair to say he's dreading it."
"The best part about Halloween is that the cobwebs in my house look like decorations."
"The only way you'll lose weight from drinking green tea is when you climb up a mountain and pick it yourself."
"John Deere's manure spreader is the only equipment the company won't stand behind."
"I salute all the veterans out there—especially those who served in non-combat roles. Without you, the combat vets couldn't do their jobs. Thank you to all who have served!"
"What do you call a cow walking backwards?

Moo walking..."
"I used to date a girl with one leg who worked at a brewery. She was in charge of the hops."
"What do you call a wandering caveman? A Meanderthal."
"I was in the bank the other day when a sweet old lady asked me to help check her balance.

So, I pushed her and she fell over..."
"During labor, the pain is so great that a woman...

Can almost imagine what it's like to have 'man flu.'"
"They say baking soda will clean your oven, but they don't mention if I should use a cola or a citrus drink."
"File under jokes Americans don't understand:

It's a lovely crisp morning,
I've had three bags already."
"As my wife was cleaning out the closet, she suddenly shouted excitedly, 'Can you believe it?! After 10 years and it still fits!' I said, 'Babe, it's a scarf.'"
"What type of fabric softener does Iron Man use?

Downey"
"What did the cake say to start the fight with the fork?

'You want a piece of me?'"
"I used to be against organ donation, but recently I've had a change of heart."
"I think my wife is putting glue on my antique weapons collection. She denies it, but I'm sticking to my guns."
"I'll be ill if you remove the apostrophe."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field."
"First rule of mechanics:

Never force anything.

Second rule of mechanics:

Sometimes you gotta force things."
"Why don't you ever see elephants hiding in trees?

...Because they're REALLY good at it."
"I'd never sign up to a human-cloning program. I don't think I could live with myself."
"I bought a new trimmer today.

It's cutting hedge technology."
"All these companies bragging about making plants taste like meat...

Cows have been doing that forever!"
"There was a leper who failed his driving test...

for leaving his foot on the gas."
"Why should you never trust palindromes?

They always go back on their word."
"Will my idea of putting scales in the ocean be a success?

Just weight and see."
"My girlfriend walked out on me for being too old fashioned. I thought we had good alchemy."
"Everybody hates math until they find something weird on their paycheck."
"Officer, how did the hackers manage to get away? I've no idea - they just ransomware."
"Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news?

Me: Good news, please.

Doctor: We're naming a disease after you."
"I'm addicted to ordering hatchets from other countries because of the smell. I love foreign axe scents."
"Is it wrong that I really enjoy running over geese?

It gives me goosebumps..."
"What do you call a patronizing criminal going down a staircase?

A condescending con descending."
"A golfer and a caddy step onto the golf course. The caddy asks, 'Sir, why did you bring two bags?' The golfer replies, 'In case I get a hole in one.'"
"I think my wife sells drugs.

As I was leaving, the phone rang. When I answered it, the guy on the other end said, 'Has that dope gone yet?'"
"My son didn't cope well with going to jail. He refused to eat or drink anything. He swore at everyone and covered his room with his own mess.

That was the last time we played Monopoly..."
"I want to dedicate this Dad joke to my father, who is a roofer. So Dad, if you're up there..."
"The roundest Knight at King Arthur's table was Sir Cumference.

He acquired his size from too much pi."
"I saw a man at the beach going, 'Help! Shark! Help!'

I laughed because I knew the shark wasn't going to help him."
"My wife asked me earlier, 'Are you even listening to me?'

Which is a really weird way to start a conversation..."
"I have an IT joke, but it does not compute."
"I was wondering, why does a frisbee appear larger the closer it gets... Then it hit me."
"A friend had to get some overhanging branches trimmed off a tree. When the tree trimmers showed up, his wife asked why he was clapping...
He told her...
best way to get them to take a bough!"
"A broom is just an acoustic vacuum."
"My buddy went bald years ago, but still carries around an old comb with him. He just can't part with it."
"I used to suffer from a soap addiction.

I'm clean now."
"A Mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of three.

He says: Uno, dos...

Poof...

He disappeared without a tres."
"My doctor was struggling to write my prescription when I said, 'Doctor, that's a rectal thermometer in your hand!' He replied, 'Dammit! Some asshole's got my pen!'"
"When the doctor said, 'Sorry about your wait,' I replied, 'I am too, but it's OK, I've been fat all my life.'"
"Apparently, you can't use beef stew for a password...

It's not stroganoff."
"We all know the show is called SpongeBob SquarePants. But the star is Patrick."
"My wife handed me two kayak paddles and asked, 'Which one do you want?' I said I'd take either/oar."
"A seafood restaurant has a new dish: Squid pro quo.
It's only served after you provide your server with dirt on a fellow diner."
"Why was World War II so long? Because there was Stalin."
"What's the worst thing you've eaten out of politeness?
Your in-laws' 'special' casserole."
"In an effort to bridge the cultural gap with my Hispanic friends, I've been saying 'muchos' a lot more recently.
It means a lot to them."
"I'm in the hospital!

Don't panic!

I ate what I thought was an onion, but it was a daffodil bulb!

Doctors reckon I'll be out in the spring."
"What do you call it when a snowman loses his temper?

A meltdown."
"Every time Remo steals my food, I try to leave it a little further out of reach.

The steaks have never been higher."
"I took a video of my shoe yesterday. It was some very good footage."
"I am on a seafood diet.
Every time I see food, I eat it."
"What's green and not very heavy?
Light green."
"I had a photographer's joke, but I missed the shot."
"I was sitting on the toilet at 11:59 PM when the clock struck midnight. I thought, 'Same stuff, different day.'"
"Jail is more than just a word...
...it's a sentence."
"I told my friend a joke about history, but it didn't have a future."
"What happened to Napoleon when he got struck by a cannonball?
He was Napoleon Blown Apart."
"I have a doctor's joke, but it flat-lined."
"What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?
Frostbite."
"I was such an unlikeable child that even my imaginary friend talked about me behind my back."
"It's okay if your phone autocorrects 'duck' for a certain four-letter word.
You're still using fowl language."
"Doctor: Well, your arm is broken. You'll need a cast for about 8 weeks, and you'll be good as new.
Me: When the cast comes off, will I be able to play the piano?
Doctor: I don't see why not.
Me: AWESOME!!!! I've always wanted to play the piano!!!"
"I'm going to a deodorant party this weekend...
Roll on Saturday."
"I went to lunch with a champion chess player.
It took him 8 minutes to pass me the salt..."
"My credit card company sent me a camouflaged bull.
It's the hidden charges you have to watch for."
"I tried a positive thinking course recently...
It was crap."
"What's the difference between an actor and a burnt rodent?
One's Chris Pratt, the other is a crisp rat."
"My wife: At least invite me out to dinner.
Me: I don't go out with married women.
My wife: But I'm your wife.
Me: I make no exceptions."