"A mime in my town was arrested yesterday after he broke his left arm in a bar fight. He still has the right to remain silent."
"My girlfriend broke up with me because I'm a compulsive gambler... Ever since, all I can think of is how to win her back."
The worst part of working from home is the telecommute...
I showed up at the weekly kleptomaniac anonymous meeting. But all the seats were already taken.
I can't seem to get a Handel on classical music.
I used to play the triangle in a reggae band. I left because it was just one ting after another...
"For my birthday, my kids got me an alarm clock that swears at you instead of beeping. That was a rude awakening."
"What did the vegan say to the doctor?
Am ok from my head to-ma-toes."
"What do you call a nut with facial hair?
A mustachio."
"Bill Gates and Elon Musk have teamed up to make a medicine for erectile dysfunction. It's called ElonGates."
"One of the Russian acrobats in our human pyramid has been deported. We don't have Oleg to stand on."
"News: The World Origami Championship has been won by a man from the Philippines, known simply as The Manilla Folder."
Wouldn't it have been amazing if John Lennon had invented that device that you put in your front door to secretly see who's on the other side? Imagine all the peepholes.
"Never eat uranium.
You'll get atomic ache."
"A big cat escaped from a zoo yesterday. If I came across it I'd definitely Puma pants!"
"I think the sailor was a little too into sweeping the deck.
He went overboard."
"I couldn't get a reservation at the library. They were completely booked."
"I went to an eyeglass convention.
It was quite a spectacle."
"Did you hear about the microphone checker that got really drunk? He had one two one two one too many."
"I could tell you another nurse joke, but I'm sick of 'em!"
"Here's an advanced math limerick:

Integral t squared dt,
from 1 to the cube root of 3,
times the cosine,
of three pi over 9,
equals log of the cube root of e."
"Apparently, they're not making shortbread any longer..."
My toothpaste fell off the brush and into the sink. I'm Crestfallen.
How was the Roman Empire cut in half? With a pair of Caesars.
"I downloaded the soundtrack from the film Titanic.
It's syncing now."
"What do you call a dog magician?
A labracadabrador!"
"What do you call a bunch of crows inside a tent?

Murder within tent."
"I have a law school joke, but it's so bad it should be illegal."
"What's a song that costs 45 cents?

A song by 50 Cent featuring Nickelback."
"I was watching a documentary about a girl who got breast implants made of wood. I thought to myself, that would hurt—wooden tit?"
"First rule of Thesaurus Club:

You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gab, gossip, or natter about Thesaurus Club."
"Me: I think I have a crush on Beyoncé.
Her: Whatever floats your boat.
Me: No, that's buoyancy."
"My wife is furious at me for throwing a snowball at my son. On top of it, I'm also banned from the maternity ward!"
"What do you call a retired miner?

Doug."
"PSA: Do not fart in an Apple store. They don't have windows."
"Just got kicked out of a karaoke bar for singing 'Danger Zone' five times.

Apparently, I exceeded the maximum number of Loggins attempts."
"Back when my son was born, another dad at the hospital congratulated me and said his daughter was born yesterday...

Said they'd marry someday...

Sure, like my son is going to marry someone twice his age..."
"Time flies like an arrow.

Fruit flies like a banana."
"What's made of leather and sounds like a sneeze?

A shoe."
"Humor doesn't belong to anyone, because it's not funny unless it's shared! Always feel free to recycle what you see here!"
"Got a new aftershave called bread crumbs.

The birds love it!"
"I saw an ad for burial plots and thought to myself,

this is the last thing I need."
"What has four letters...

Sometimes has nine...

Seldom has six...

Occasionally has twelve...

And never has five."
"Somebody just threw a bottle of omega-3 capsules at me.

I only have super fish oil injuries, but I'm lucky I wasn't krilled!"
"I tried telling an HVAC joke, but I duct up the punchline."
My boss told me to have a good day. So I went home.
"I'm fine letting other people dot my i's, but crossing my t's? That's where I draw the line."
"I had an actor joke, but I forgot the lines."
"I had a hen who could count her own eggs.

She was a mathemachicken."
"I've just been house hunting.

One place had mirrors covering the walls of every room.

I thought, I could see myself living there!"
"What do you call an explosive monkey? A baboom."
"I used to sell security alarms door to door, and I was really good at it. If no one was at home I would just leave a brochure on the kitchen table."
What hair color do they put on the driver's licenses of bald men? Invisible ink.
The final four letters in the word queue aren't silent... They're just waiting their turn.
What do you call a French man wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
Why don't vampires bet on horses? They can't handle the stakes.
"How does Bob Marley like his donuts?

Wi' jam in."
"How do mermaids wash their tail?

They use Tide..."
"Just watched a documentary on marijuana.

I think that's how I'm gonna watch all documentaries from now on!"
"My calculator is missing the minus button...

But on the plus side, it still works!"
"My wife said she's leaving me because I'm over-competitive.

'Not if I leave you first!' I shouted as I raced her to the front door."
"Just broke my guitar. It's okay, I won't fret."
"How do you catch a unique rabbit?

Unique up on it!

What about a tame rabbit?

The tame way!"
"I met a girl the other night at a club who said she'd show me a good time. When we got outside, she ran a 40-yard dash in just 4.5 seconds."
"I always keep my guitar in the car now.

It's good for traffic jams."
"If Cathy painted every car in America pink,

we'd have a pink car nation!"
"What did the volcano say to his wife? I lava you."
"Just finished 4 cans of alphabet soup, and had the largest vowel movement ever..."
"The KFC Twitter account only follows 11 people: the 5 Spice Girls and 6 guys named Herb, because of their 'secret blend' of 11 herbs and spices."
"Here's a bit of advice for you... Advi."
"I just saw a cashier scan the eyes of a rude customer with her barcode reader. The look on his face was priceless."
"What kind of horses go out after dusk? Nightmares."
"My dad attacked me with a vacuum cleaner today, yelling 'Dyson!'"
I just bought some counterfeit cakes. I must say they're exceedingly good fakes.
What's the best part about going out to eat with a duck? He's always stuck with the bill.
I went to a premature ejaculators support group today. Turns out I came early...
"Lots of couples can't go to the gym...

Some relationships just don't work out..."
"Whenever I try to eat healthily...

A chocolate bar looks at me and snickers..."
"What days are the strongest?

Saturday and Sunday.

The rest are weak days."
"What's a marsupial's favorite cocktail? A piña koala."
"What do you call a stolen Tesla? An Edison."
"What do you call a whale with no pants on?

Free Willy."
"Traveling with my wife is unbelievable.
We have to stop every 30 miles.

Honestly, her bladder must be the size of a pea."
"If my son becomes a priest...

Do I call him son or Father?"
"I went to a psychic.

I knocked on her front door.

She yelled: Who is it?

So I left."
"What do you call a cheap circumcision?

A rip-off."
"Why were Indiana Jones, Lara Croft, and Nathan Drake depressed?
Their careers were in ruins."
"I just bought an expensive car, only to find the reverse gear broken.
There's no going back now."
"I've been told I'm condescending.
(That means I talk down to people.)"
"If a can opener doesn't work, is it called a can't opener?"
"Wife: Why haven't you planted the shrubs?
Me: We never botany."
"If anyone gets a message from me about canned meat, don't open it! It's spam."
"I bought my friends an elephant for their room.
They said: Thank you.
I said: Please don't mention it."
"I told her I wanted to take a picture with the dog,
She told me to use the camera instead..."
"Alexa... Turn the government back on."
"I have a chemistry joke, but it doesn't produce the right reaction."
"Handy hint for guys!

If your girlfriend catches you looking at another woman, turn to her and say, 'I'm glad you don't dress like that.'"
"I've just found out that my uncle has left me a stately home in his will.

I have no idea where Sod Hall is. I'm just off to Google it now!"
"What do pigs learn in the army? Ham-to-ham combat."
"We all know Albert Einstein was a genius.

But his brother Frank was a monster."
"Scotch Neat, please...'
'Ummm, this is Starbucks...'
*Sigh* 'Okay... a scotch grande."
"I have a plane joke, but it'll be delayed."
"As a child, my mom told me I could be anyone I wanted to be.

Turns out, this is called identity theft."
"Hello?
...........................Who are you?
Andrew
...........................And?
...rew"
"When I told my wife I was looking at flights on the internet, she got very excited!

Which was odd because she's never shown an interest in darts before."
"I'd like to thank my legs for supporting me.

My arms for always being by my side.

And my fingers—I could always count on them."
"I wrote 'DIVORCE,' my wife wrote 'YES.'

Tough way to find out, but at least I won our last game of Scrabble."
"Who is your favorite athlete?

The one who runs away with the competition!"
"Traffic Update:

A Vicks Vaporub truck has overturned on the highway.

Police have confirmed that there will be no congestion for 8 hours!"
"My wife just put on her new dress and then told me to zip it. I have no idea what I've done wrong. I didn't say anything!"
"My son asked me what our IP address was.

I told him, second door down the hall on the right."
"My wife left me because I wouldn't stop telling basketball puns.

I'm on the rebound."
"Getting my toy drone stuck in the tree isn't the worst thing that happened to me today. But it's definitely up there."
"What happens when Iron Man takes off his suit?

He's Stark naked."
"I told my boss I needed a raise, I said that 3 other companies were after me.

Boss: Which ones?

I said, the electric, gas, and water."
"What's wrong with Mickey Mouse's helicopter?

It has Disneyland!"
"I'm a secondhand vegetarian. I eat animals that ate vegetables.
That counts, right?"
"I saw my doctor today and told her about my dreams of Tom Jones.
I asked her if this is common.
She replied, 'It's not unusual...'"
"I might never get over this addiction to referencing The Beach Boys, but wouldn't it be nice..."
"Prince Charles likes to take his iPad with him when he goes to the toilet...
Because he takes his Air to the throne."
"I'm jealous of my parents...
I'll never have a kid as cool as them."
"Hung a picture up on the wall the other day.
Nailed it!"
"Sundays...
Sleep until you're hungry, then eat until you're sleepy."
"She was the apple of his eye, and he liked to sit down beside her."
How is it possible to have a civil war?
"Holmes: I say, old boy, is that mud on your boots?
Watson: No, Sherlock, it's not."
"My friend said, 'You remind me of a ketchup bottle.'

I said, 'I'll take that as a condiment.'"
"How do you get Pikachu on a bus?

You Poké him on."
"I made a club about erectile dysfunction. It was a flop. Nobody came."
"I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high.

She looked surprised."
"Why do they call it a toilet seat and not an asstray?"
"Wasn't planning on eating a pint of raw cookie dough today, but sometimes life takes surprising turns."
"Backwards, 'reillis neve' is even sillier."
"There's a new restaurant named Karma. It doesn't have a menu. You just get what you deserve."
"The only thing I like about Christmas is a mincemeat pie joke: why did the mathematician eat pie? Because it was a rational decision!"
"I named my computer Alcatraz, and now the Esc button won't work..."
"Yesterday, I gave up my seat on the bus for a blind person.

Today, I lost my job as a bus driver."
"I met a nun who wiped her nose on her clothes. She had a nasty habit."
"Guess who woke up with 20 missed calls from his ex? My ex."
"Yesterday my brother accidentally swallowed some weed killer. Fortunately he saw the fungicide."
"I once ate a dictionary.

It gave me thesaurus throat I've ever had."
"I was in New Mexico and a cowboy asked me if I could help round up 18 cows. I said: Yes, of course, that'd be 20 cows."
"When a clock is hungry, it goes back 4 seconds..."
"Me: I swear, I'm kicking you out of the house if you don't stop singing Christmas music.

My wife: But baby it's cold outside."
"What do you call a monkey in a mine field?

A babooooom!"
"A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke,

He was ok though...

it was a soft drink."
"What do you do if you see a space man? You park your car, man!"
"Interviewer: Where do you see yourself in 5 years?

Me: Listening. Yes, I'd say listening is my biggest weakness."
"My boss wouldn't stop making pancake jokes! So I gave him a flipping good time!"
"Where was Noah when the lights went out?

In d'ark."
"Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, 'Dad, can't you just use a sponge?'"
The nicest thing you could ever do for someone is define the word bargain. It means a great deal.
Why can't the lonely evergreen stop thinking about high school? It's still pining to be one of the popular kids.
All I want for Christmas is the last digit of Pi... but no one knows what it is!
"Know why you can't sleep in a museum?

Because of the Dino-Snores!"
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"The Boll Weevil's brother was twice his size and hell-bent on overeating. He was destroying all the cotton fields he could find. The small Weevil only ate what he needed. He was content with being...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
the lesser of two weevils!"
"I know my friend would never yell at someone to turn that music down because it's way too loud...
even if it was sound advice."
"Ever have amnesia and déjà vu at the same time? I think I've forgotten this before."
"I have a hairdresser joke, but the story is kind of tangled."
"I went to MC Hammer's house the other day.
It was rubbish!
He wouldn't let me touch anything."
"I had a Bonnie Tyler GPS, but it was awful.
Just kept telling me to turn around, and every now and then it fell apart."
"I wanted to post a walkie-talkie joke, but I need to think it over."
"According to my insurance company, if your tent is stolen at night while you are sleeping in it...
you might not be covered."
"Went for a job as a potato packer...
Ended up getting the sack."
"Why do elephants hate running on the beach? Because they can't keep their trunks up."
"My cousin was arrested for stealing an electric car.
He was released due to a lack of an adequate charge."
"A friend in California called me to say there was an earthquake and that she was scared.
I told her it wasn't my fault."
"Using one word, how would you describe your family?
'Relatives.'"
"I was raised by a pack of wild hyenas. Life was tough and food was scarce... but boy did we laugh..."
"I failed my fire safety course when I was asked what steps I would take in case there was an explosion.
'Really large ones' was an unacceptable answer apparently."
"What's the difference between a politician and a flying pig?
The F."
"What do you call an annoyed lobster?
A frustacean."
"I said to my wife, 'I need to call the doctor today.'
'Which doctor?' she asked.
'Nah, the regular kind.'"
"I knew a guy who collected candy canes. They were all in mint condition."
"Did you hear about the magic tractor?
It went down the road and turned into a field."
"How does Moses make his tea?

He brews it.

I'm serious, that's really how he does it."
"How does the Pope pay for things on eBay?

He uses his Papal account."
"Any man can be a king, but it takes 12 inches to be a ruler..."
"What did little Johnny's mother do when she caught him zapping the other children with static electricity?

She grounded him."
"The human cannonball tells the circus owner he is going to retire.

'But you can't!' protests the boss. 'Where am I going to find another man of your caliber?'"
"A cop pulled me over and said, 'PAPERS.'

I yelled, 'Scissors!' and drove off."
"Ironing boards are just surfboards that gave up their dreams and got real jobs."
"If all the world is a stage, where is the audience sitting?

In the cheap seats!"
"You know what the best part about Switzerland is?

Well, the flag is a big plus."
"Wise men drink wine...

Budweiser men drink beer."
"There are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for people.

Push and pull."
"What did Luke say to Han and Leia when they split up? Divorce be with you."
"What do you call a mouse that swears? A cursor."
"What do you call a constipated detective?

No-shit Sherlock."
"Why did the cartoonist win the contest?

Because he drew a tie!"
"I have a locksmith joke, but I don't think it's safe."
"A lost hiker is on one side of a raging river when he sees a Buddhist monk on the other side. There are no bridges. He has no boat. He shouts out to the monk on the opposite bank, 'How do I get to the other side?' The monk shouts back:

'You are on the other side!'"
"If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks...

Cost me an arm and a leg!"
"I had a fight with a snowman last night.

He didn't last long...

Things got a bit heated."
"Got caught stealing a leg of lamb from the grocery store.

Security said, 'What are you doing with that?'

I said, 'Spuds, peas, and gravy would be nice.'"
"I hate autocorrect; it always makes me say things I didn't Nintendo!"
"I just came home from work when my wife ran towards me and tore off all her clothes. At that point, my life flashed before my eyes."
"Went to the gym and there's a new machine!
Used it for an hour and felt sick.
It's good though; it does everything...
KitKats, Mars bars, Snickers."
"My subscription to Scrabble Club expired.
Now they're sending me threatening letters."
"I've done some terrible things for money. Like getting up early to go to work."
"Did the Russians know life was going to get worse under the Soviets?
I mean...
there were lots of red flags."
"Mom: I'm exhausted; I was up till 4 a.m. with the baby.
Dad: It's probably not good to keep a baby up that late...."
"People ask me why I chose to teach Math rather than English. I tell them, Fractions speak louder than verbs."
"I asked my kids if they liked my grandmother.
They said she's a great grandmother."
"If you like telling dad jokes and you're not a dad,
you're a faux pa."
"What is the sound you love the most?"
"I went for a job as a sandwich maker yesterday, but sadly no luck... when I got there, the roll had already been filled."
They're making a movie about clocks. It's about time.
"I am giving up drinking for a month. Sorry, that came out wrong. I am giving up. Drinking for a month."
"If you're in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?"
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
The word 'nun' is just the letter 'n' doing a cartwheel.
"I hate typing errors.

Way too many Rs."
"What do you call a male hacker's clothes? Malware."
"How do you comfort a grammar fanatic?

Their, they're, there."
"Does Darth Vader wear... deYodarant?"
"I was stopped by a policeman earlier.
He said, 'Do you know how fast you were going?'
I replied, 'I was trying to keep up with traffic.'
He said, 'There is no traffic.'
I answered, 'That's how far behind I am.'"
"Just ordered a takeaway from the local Chinese.
I ordered a 7, a 13, a 21, and a 33. Unfortunately, I had to take them all back...
They tasted odd."
"I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor guy."
"What do you call a shoe made of a banana?
A slipper."
"As I was getting into bed, she said, 'You're drunk.'
I said, 'How do you know?'
She said, 'You live next door.'"
"I tried to have a conversation with my wife when she was applying a mud pack. You should have seen the filthy look she gave me."
"The three things I'm grateful for:
1. Family
2. Friends
3. Caller ID to avoid family and friends."
"I'm out birdwatching with a friend today.
So far it's been 7 owls and 15 Jays."
"What is your favorite family tradition?
Avoiding talking about politics at Thanksgiving!"
"Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet?

Because he was always lost at sea."
"Don't go bacon my heart.

I couldn't if I fried."
"The bad news is I took the wrong medication today.

On the good side, I'm protected from fleas and heartworm for the next 3 months."
"Walking down the street the other day when some guy ran up to me and started shouting, 'MORDOR, GONDOR, LEGOLAS, FRODO!'

I said, 'Hold on a second, buddy. Who do you think you're Tolkien to?'"
"If the Democrats are victorious, it's a Blue Wave.
If the Republicans are victorious, it's a Red Wave.
If they ever work cooperatively, it would be a...
Purple Reign."
"How does a phone get drunk?

It takes screenshots."
"If it's not related to elephants...

It's irrelephant."
"Pencil - what I use to write funnies."
"This morning, my son said his ear hurt, and I asked: 'On the inside or outside?' So he walks out the front door, then comes back in and says: 'Both.'"
"I have a muffler joke, but it's exhausting."
"Me: Doc, all my 5 kids want to be valets when they grow up!
Doctor: Wow! That's the worst case of parking son's disease I've ever seen."
"So you're telling me that stress ball isn't for throwing at people who stress you out???"
"I've already heard seven cancer puns today... If I hear tumor it'll be benign."
"I asked a barista why they were wearing a surgical mask.
They answered: It's not a surgical mask, it's a coughy filter."
"What's the difference between jelly and jam? You can't jelly a clown into the tiny car."
"Sheepdog: All 40 sheep here.
Farmer: I only have 36 sheep.
Sheepdog: I know...
I rounded them up..."
"What do you call a factory that makes average products?
A satisfactory."
"What do you call a cold you get twice?
Deja-flu."
"I'm of the opinion that most candles smell like burned nose hair..."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!"
"As we were driving down the road, 'Sweet Caroline' came on the radio. I said to my son, 'Little known fact, Neil Diamond used to be called Neil Coal. Until the pressure got to him.'"
"My nephew's inability to get his life started is so frustrating. 'Get a job, learn a skill, get a hobby or just do SOMETHING.' But my family keeps justifying his behavior because 'he's only three.'"
"Why did the Star Wars movies come out in the order 4 5 6 1 2 3? In charge of the sequence, Yoda was."
Plagiarism is getting in trouble for something you didn't do...
"I went to a restaurant on the moon. Great food, no atmosphere."
"I dropped a bottle of ketchup on my foot yesterday...

it caused severe pain...
to... ma... toes..."
"Daffynitions
Balderdash (N):
A very rapidly receding hairline"
"My friend couldn't afford his water bill.

So I sent him a get well soon card."
"My 3 favorite things are eating my family and not using commas."
"I asked the librarian if the library had books on paranoia. She whispered, 'They're right behind you.'"
"What do you call a nervous javelin thrower?

Shakespeare."
"What happens when a tree has a one-night stand? It leaves."
"I'm the principal of a school called St Richard's. So I guess you could say I'm the head of the school."
"I was on the bus the other day, and there was a sign saying not to leave your seat until the vehicle is stationary. I've been on the thing for 3 weeks now, and it's still a bus."
"My Irish friend just yelled, 'Whale-oil-beef-hooked!' I'm not sure what that has to do with his wallet going missing!"
"Boy George's reptile bites 5 people in one day.

He needs a calmer chameleon."
"Wreckless driving?

Isn't that the goal?"
"Apparently, it's rude to ask the parents of a kid on a leash if it was a rescue."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"Someone threw a beer at Trump at one of his rallies. It’s okay; it was draft beer, so...

He dodged it."
"I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night...

It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea."
"What is a scarecrow's favorite mode of transportation?

An autumn-mobile!"
"In the armory of corny jokes...

I'm only a kernel."
"What's blue and not very heavy?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Light blue..."
"Son: Dad, I've got a part in the school play. I play a man who's been married 25 years.

Dad: Maybe next time you'll get a speaking part."
"I'm about to have a cup of dangerous coffee.

Safe tea first though."
"Insomnia is awful.

On the plus side, only three more sleeps until Christmas."
"If you don't think doing laundry is funny...

You need a dryer sense of humor."
"I complimented my imaginary friend the other day. He was made up."
"My wife accused me of hating her family and relatives... I replied, 'No, I don't hate your relatives. In fact, I like your mother-in-law a lot better than I like mine.'"
"Just started a new church where we worship precise measurement.

We are Unittarians."
"Some folks like floors and some like walls. Me? I'm a ceiling fan."
"Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will hunt you down and I will make you pay...

You have my word!"
"I've finally reached the age where Happy Hour is a nap."
"Dentists always ask dumb questions like when's the last time you flossed?

...Like buddy, you were there!"
"What do you call a fat psychic?

A four-chin teller."
"People who help you find what you're looking for at the liquor store

should be called Spirit Guides..."
"A friend told me my wife and daughter look like they could be twins!

I replied: Well, they were separated at birth..."
"Word of the day:
Cedar chest

Rednecks describing a trip to Hooters."
"Never mind the ice, I've just slipped on the floor in the local library...

I was in the non-friction section."
"You don't have the ammo to fight my kind of crazy..."
"People often ask me how I smuggle chocolate into the cinema.

Well...

I have a few Twix up my sleeve!"
"What time does Andy Murray go to bed?

Tennish."
"Being a scarecrow isn't for everyone. But hay... it's in my jeans."
"A man walks into a hardware store and speaks to the cashier.
'Got any two-watt bulbs?'
'For what?'
'That'll do, I'll take two.'
'Two what?'
'I thought you didn't have any.'
'Any what?'
'Ok then!'"
"I've decided to try my hand at writing diet books.

I'm told they appeal to a very wide audience."
"What do you call a horse that lives next door? A neigh-bor."
"Roses are red
Flowers are lazy
They just sit around
All night and all daisy"
"Advent calendars?

Their days are numbered."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!"
"Which is heavier, the collected works of Shakespeare or a prison full of inmates? The prose outweighs the cons."
Every year St. Patrick's Day keeps getting bigger. I think it might even keep on Dublin.
"Boss: Why is it when things go wrong you always blame somebody else?

Me: No, you're thinking of Dave; he's the one always blaming others."
"When women get to a certain age they start accumulating cats.

Apparently, this is known as Many Paws."
"Why was the leper hockey game canceled? There was a face-off in the corner."
"All the comic books I bought from the store are missing the last page. I have to draw my own conclusions."
"I was at a job interview today when the manager handed me a laptop and said: I want you to try to sell this to me. So I put it under my arm, left the building, and went home. Eventually, he called me and said: Bring my laptop back now. I said: $200 and it's yours."
"Doctor: You have a disease, but we can treat it.

Patient: What's the cure?

Doctor: It's an '80s rock band fronted by Robert Smith, but let's try to stay focused..."
"What do you call a magical bra? An abracadabra."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field."
"Yesterday, a clown held a door open for me.
I thought it was a nice jester!"
"I was in a good mood until I started petting a duckling in the park. Then I started feeling a little down."
"Tampax announced they are removing the strings from tampons and replacing them with tinsel...
This is for the Christmas period only."
"I have furniture that goes back to Louis the 14th...
That is, unless I can pay him by the 13th."
"For sale: Limited Edition bottle of White-Out.
It's a collector's item."
"Why does fasting seem to last so long?
Because it's a lot of wait!"
"I always wanted to be a Gregorian Monk...
...but I never had the chants."
"What are you going to do this weekend?
I'm going to buy glasses.
And then what?
Then I'll see."
"My complimentary hotel breakfast did not tell me I looked nice even once.
Talk about a lack of cereal compliments!"
"What do you call a kid that doesn't believe in Santa?
A rebel without a Claus."
"This morning I used Red Bull instead of water to make my coffee.

After 15 minutes of driving on the highway, I realized I left my car at home."
"What sounds like a sneeze but is made of leather?

A shoe!"
"I'm so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed!"
"Spring is here!

I got so excited I wet my plants!"
"I have a joke about pizza, but I'm afraid it will fall flat."
"What is a web developer's favorite tea?

URL Grey."
"Have you heard the story about the corduroy pillow?

Apparently, it's making headlines."
"What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a well-dressed man on a unicycle?

Attire."
"Went to a swinger's party last night in my army uniform...

Had to leave my khakis in the bowl."
"Job interviewer: In the beginning, you'll be earning $20,000, later on, that can increase to $40,000.

Me: OK, I'll come again later then."
"Fun Fact: Everything in the world is either a potato or isn't a potato."
"I've just downloaded the Queen movie, Bohemian Rhapsody!
I think it was filmed in a cinema though, as I see a little silhouetto of a man."
"So many people these days are too judgmental.
I can tell that just by looking at them."
"Why do elephants drink? To forget."
"My colleague can no longer attend next week's Innuendo Seminar, so I have to fill her slot instead."
"One week before Granddad died, we bought him a snowboard... He went downhill very quickly after that."
"King: How many volunteers do we have for my evil army?
Squire: 384, my liege.
King: Ok, round them up.
Squire: 400, my liege."
"Dasher and Dancer love coffee;
they are Santa’s Star Bucks!"
"Today, my son asked, 'Can I have a bookmark?'
And I burst into tears. He's over 30 years old, and he still doesn't know my name is Doc!"
"Spent six hours linking all of my watches together to make a belt.
It was a complete waist of time."
"Looking for a job with a coffee company


just for the perks."
"Everyone at our wedding cried. 

Even our wedding cake 

was in tiers."
"The shortest sentence is 'I am.' The longest sentence is 'I do.'"
"A weasel walks into a bar.
The bartender says, 'Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you?'
'Pop,' goes the weasel."
"I'm going to make a
Sherlock Holmes game that is 12 inches long.
I'm going to call it
The Games A Foot."
"Don't buy anything from a blacksmith!
Everything they have is forged!"
"What do you call a denim expert?
A jeanius."
"One of Santa's reindeer served in the army with Tina Turner. Back then he was known as Private Dancer."
"Geologists have discovered a rock 5280 feet long!
It must be some kind of milestone!"
"I've started investing in stocks... Mainly beef, chicken, and vegetables. One day, I hope to be a bouillonaire."
What does Arnold Schwarzenegger say at the beginning of a game of chess? I'll be black.
"My wife and I started arguing over who gets to use the microwave first.

Then things started to heat up."
"Son: Dad, I had a test at school today.

Dad: Oh yeah, what was it on?

Son: Paper."
"I have a chef's joke, but it's not very tasteful."
"I have a social work joke, but I haven't had time to document it yet."
"My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo.

So I had to put my foot down."
"How do you know when you're drowning in milk?

When it's pasteurize."
"Why was the math book sad? Because it has too many problems."
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?

They don't have the guts."
"What do you give a dog that has a high temperature? Relish, it's the best thing for a hot dog. (Now you have to relish this joke!)"
Why are the North Koreans the best at geometry? Because they've got a Supreme Ruler.
"I was wondering why there are so many stories about vampires in Europe but not in Africa. Then I realized, vampires are killed by holy water and they bless the rains down in Africa."
"When I was younger, I always felt like I was a man trapped in a woman's body.

Then I was born."
"What do you call a slow moving poop?

A turdle."
"I don't like to call it a pie fight. Let's call it a pie misunderstanding."
"Belmont, NH boasts a woman who goes out chopping wood with her husband.

Most people use an ax. I guess he's an unusually sharp man."
"I'm looking to sell my DeLorean.

Good shape, low mileage...

Only driven from time to time."
"Puns are cardio for your mouth."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"Where do cats go when they die?
Purrrgatory..."
"What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice?
A Popsicle."
"Last night I bought an alcoholic ginger beer.
He wasn't happy about it."
"I always wanted to lay naked on a bearskin rug in front of a fireplace...
Apparently, Cracker Barrel has a policy against this..."
"What do you call a beat-up Batman?
A Bruised Wayne."
"Husband: I've looked everywhere and I can't find it.
Translation: I looked in one spot and gave up because I'm lost without you."
"Internet wasn't working earlier, so I spent some time with my family.
They seem like nice people."
"I've invented a new game, it's called Quiet Tennis.
It's pretty much the same as normal tennis, but without the racket."
"My friend who works as an upholsterer was in a bad accident.
Right now he's recovering in a hospital..."
"In college, I double-majored in accounting and dentistry...
Now I can crunch numbers AND numb crunchers."
"I have a musical joke, but you'll just tune it out!"
"Reality is an acquired taste...

like mushrooms in Cheerios...

no one really wants it, but we all have to look..."
"I lost my wife's audiobook... and now I'll never hear the end of it!"
"Two whales are in the ocean, and one whale says to the other: OOO0ooooOOOOooooOOOOOOoooooo.....OOO0ooooOOOOooooOOOOOOoooooo....OOO0ooooOOOOooooOOOOOOoooooo...OOO0ooooOOOOooooOOOOOOoooooo....OOO0ooooOOOOooooOOOOOOoooooo....OOO0ooooOOOOooooOOOOOOoooooo....OOO0ooooOOOOooooO........"
Is infantry the opposite of adultery?
Why was the sand wet? The seaweed!
"How do you get the farmer's daughter to fall in love with you?

A tractor."
"I told my coffee it was grounded. It said it couldn't espresso how much that mugged it."
"My uncle works for a company that makes bicycle wheels.

He's the spokesman."
"I went for a curry the other day and got some terrible news.

My naan had slipped into a korma..."
"Did you hear about the Viking Rudolph the Red?

He looked outside and proclaimed it was going to rain.

His wife asked, 'What makes you say that?'

Rudolph the Red knows rain, dear."
"A man with a stutter died in prison...before he could finish his sentence."
"I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said, 'Wii.'"
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"My dad told me he always struggled with three subjects in school: math, and he couldn't remember the other one."
"Q: How do fish get high?
A: Seaweed."
"I just saw my friend sweep a girl off her feet. He's a very aggressive janitor."
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?

They don't have the guts."
"What time did Sean Connery always arrive at Wimbledon? Ten-ish."
"If you ever get locked outside your house by mistake, no need to panic...just talk to the lock, communication is always the key!"
"I'd make a veggie joke...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
but no one would carrot all..."
"Whenever I'm in trouble, I think, 'What would Jesus do?'

Then I pretend to be dead and disappear for 3 days."
"Why don't developers carry guns?

They have troubleshooting."
"A husband takes his wife to a disco. There's a man on the dance floor, moonwalking, break dancing, head spins, the works.
The wife turns to her husband and sighs, 'You see that man? 25 years ago he asked me to marry him. I said no!'
The husband says, 'It looks like he's still out celebrating!'"
"Who is the greatest chicken-killer in Shakespeare? Macbeth, because he did murder most foul!"
What do you call a man who pours a lot of drinks? Phil.
"Between
Saving Private Ryan ($70M),
Interstellar ($165M), and
The Martian ($108M),
America has spent almost $350 million...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
trying to rescue Matt Damon."
"What do you call an alligator that's wearing a vest?

An investigator."
"Did you know that statistically, 6 out of 7 dwarves aren't Happy?"
"I'm giving up drinking for a month.

Sorry, bad punctuation...
I'm giving up. Drinking for a month."
"I've just written a book about falling down a staircase. It's a step-by-step guide."
"My friend had a terrible accident a while ago. He fell into an upholstering machine. He's fully recovered now, though."
I woke up this morning to find that someone had dumped a load of Lego bricks on my doorstep. I don't know what to make of it.
"How does a duck fart?

Through his tail quack."
"I stayed up all night to see where the sun went.

Then it dawned on me."
"Another knight of King Arthur's round table was a tax collector.

His name was Sir Charge!"
"Farmers can hardly wheat for a good harvest."
"I've been married for 21 years now...

20 of them long,

one of them happy...

(Blame my wife)"
"Why can't a bike stand on its own?

It's two tired."
"With great power comes huge electric bills."
"People always ask me where I got my incredibly detailed tattoo done, but never believe me when I tell them Spain.

Nobody expects the Spanish ink precision."
"Walking down the street with a friend, we saw a dog licking his balls.

He turns to me and says, 'I wish I could do that.'

'You don't even know that dog!' I replied."
"What kind of bees like Halloween?

Boo bees."
"My dad kept making a joke about an interrupting cow. He was obviously milking it."
"I have an IT security joke, but you won't have access or permission to it with that 7-digit password with no special characters or capital letters."
"I've never seen the inside of my ears...

But I've heard good things."
"It's a shame nothing is built here anymore. We just bought a new TV which says Built in Antenna.

I've no clue where that is!"
"I went to buy some camo pants, but I couldn't find any."
"The mailman left a package on my step labeled Do Not Bend.

Now I can't figure out how to pick it up..."
"Of course, I do Dad jokes. I'm a groan man!"
I have a diamond cutter's joke…but it's still a little rough.
"1,
2,
3,
4,
5...
Once I caught a fish alive...

6,
7,
8,
9,
10...
Just been banned from Sea World again."
"My wife just accused me of having zero empathy. I just don't understand why she can feel that way."
"What did the scientist say when he found two helium atoms?

HeHe"
"I hate spelling errors.

I mean, one simple mistake and your entire tweet is urined."
"Someone told me that if you hold a Shell up, you can hear the sea.

All I got was 6 years for armed robbery."
"What subject does a witch teach at school? Spelling."
"It turns out my high school chemistry teacher was right.

Alcohol IS a solution."
"I don't advertise my lip-reading business. It's all word of mouth."
"What do you call a man who's been dead 10,000 years?

Pete."
"There are 3 unwritten rules in life:

1.
2.
3."
"Mrs. Doc pointed out that our new neighbor always kisses his wife when he leaves for work.
She asked me: Why don't you do that?

I replied: Because I hardly know her."
"How do you spot the blind guy at the nudist colony?

It's not hard."
"I once accidentally bumped into Bono. He got angry and said: Don't push me 'cause I'm close to the Edge."
"I stayed in a hotel last night.

Before I went to bed, I called reception and asked for a wake-up call. She said...

Sir... You're in your 50s, overweight, balding, and have achieved nothing in life!"
"What do you call a hippie's wife?

Mississippi"
"I wanted to write a joke about a black hole, but it sucked all the funny out of it."
"I accidentally glued myself to my autobiography, but no one believes me...

That's my story and I'm sticking to it."
"Why do Norwegians build their own tables?

No IKEA!"
"Lot's wife turned to salt, but she was worth her weight in sodium!"
Thieves stole a truck full of Viagra this morning... Police have asked the public to keep an eye out for hardened criminals.
"I have a spoiler alert joke, but I would ruin it for you."
"I'll tell you how it is, she said,
For everyone, with no abatement:
At least three covers on the bed.
I took that as a blanket statement.
In all of time, no pair of lovers
Ever wanted equal covers."
"Next time you're washing your hands next to somebody...
Cup your hands together until the water overflows.
Then look at them and say:
'This water is getting out of hand.'"
"What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a swimming pool? Bob."
"How do you cut an ocean in two?
With a sea-saw."
"When you wake up and it's bright 'cause it's no longer night, that's the morning.
When you watch Dick Van Dyke and the joke's more than right, that's a Morey.
When you've read quite enough of this silly-ass stuff, that's no more, eh?"
"'I love you loads, honey pie,' my wife said earlier.
'And I love you tons,' I replied.
'What, no nickname for me?' she asked.
Sometimes I swear she's going deaf."
"I often say to myself, 'I can't believe that cloning works.' Then I look in the mirror and say, 'Oh, there I am.'"
"What do you call a $1000 door?
A grand entrance."
"Don't buy 288 donuts on a hot sunny day; it's two gross!"
"What do you call a slow bullet? A slug."
"I hate it when I go out in public and the public is there."
"What do you call it when all your mother's sisters gather at a funeral to avenge your death? Vigil aunties."
"I went to a fancy dress party dressed as an alarm clock, but I left early in a bad mood. The people there kept winding me up all night."
I just bought the personalized license plate BAA BAA... for my black jeep.
Why does Waldo always wear stripes? He doesn't want to be spotted.
"If you could be an Olympic athlete, in what sport would you compete? Competitive napping—I'm a natural at it!"
"I recently joined a nudist colony. The first few days were the hardest..."
"Someone told a bad pun about Folger's coffee to a very high hill. It made the mountain groan."
"Did you hear about the man who fell into the upholstery machine? He's fully recovered."
"People found guilty of not using punctuation deserve the longest sentence possible."
"I have a hunting dog joke, and it's really on point."
"We are all human, and we are all flawed... Give someone enough time, and they will make a bad decision."
"I was so cold today that my jaw started to freeze... So I gritted my teeth."
"My wife was complaining that I treat her like a child. So I gave her a sticker for standing up for herself."
"I told my partner I love them in Morse code:
_. . ...- . .-. / --. --- -..- / -.-. .-.. --- ... . -.. / -- -.-- / ..-. .-.. -.-- / .--. .-.-.-"
"If I have twin daughters, I'll name one Kate. And I'll name the other DupliKate."
"On the one hand, homemade fireworks are a lot of fun. On the other hand, I have only two fingers."
"One of the ants on my ant farm dresses up as a clown to cheer up his friends. He's an anti-depress ant."
"Bill Nye has a daughter who doesn't believe in science. Her name is Dee."
"I have a songwriting joke, but it's hard to remain composed."
I saw a guy flagging down a taxi van today. I guess you could say he was Van Halen.
"I left my job today.
I couldn't work for that man after what he said to me.
What did he say?
'You're fired!'"
"Although it may seem
To be an eternity
Pregnancy spans
From here to maternity"
"Rocky Mountain Oysters: The Original Sack Lunch..."
"What did the goat cheese say when it saw itself in the mirror? Halloumi!"
"Proper punctuation can make the difference between a sentence that's well-written and a sentence that's, well, written."
"My wife complained that her feet hurt.
I said, 'You've got your shoes on the wrong feet.'
She said, 'But these are the only feet I've got.'"
"I woke up last night to find Gloria Gaynor standing at the foot of my bed. At first, I was afraid... then I was petrified."
"What has 4 wheels and flies?

A garbage truck."
"My wife texted me with one word: Earth.

It meant the world to me."
"Like a cat on the beach...

Sandy Claws has been everywhere!"
"What's the toughest part of the Chinese Marathon?

That moment you hit the wall."
"I made a huge to-do list for today. I just can't figure out who's going to do it."
"If a child refuses to take a nap, is he resisting a rest?"
"My daughter wants the new iPhone for her birthday. I told her she will if she gets good grades, does her chores, and follows the house rules. Otherwise, she will get a cheaper phone because... It's my way or the Huawei..."
"Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off?

He's all right now."
"After my blood transfusion, I asked the doctor to double-check the blood type...

He said why settle for B- when you can have A+?"
"Did you hear about the computer that got thrown in the ocean?

It's a Dell rolling in the deep..."
"Every morning after I wake up, the first thing I do is make my bed.

Every day I say, 'Tomorrow I'm returning this piece of junk to Ikea...'"
"What do you call a tired skeleton? The Grim Sleeper."
"Just a quick apology to those Take That fans I offended earlier.

Whatever I said, whatever I did, I didn't mean it."
"As a doctor, I would never make a joke about an unvaccinated baby...

But let me give it a shot!"
"What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments?

An Orca-stra."
"A son and his father go fishing together for the first time.

Son: How do I catch a fish?
Dad: Easy, just throw this clickbait into the water.
Son: Got it, what's next?
Dad: What happens next will shock you."
"If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?
The chicken. It would never stop crossing the road to tell you why."
"My construction company failed after a competitor started a vicious rumor that I build houses without a foundation. It was a baseless accusation."
"A 5-foot-tall psychic escapes jail.

The wanted posters say: 'Small medium at large.'"
"If you want to get involved in a land war in Asia or go in against a Sicilian when death is on the line...

Then we are not the same.

(Also, if you don't get this reference, then we are not the same either.)"
"I've got a joke about squirrels, but it's kind of nutty."
Two-thirds of a pun is P U!
"Doctor, Doctor, I think I need glasses.

You certainly do, Sir, this is a fish and chips drive-through."
"My Czech friend is surprisingly bad at chess."
"What do we want?

Race car noises!!!

When do we want them?

Neeeooowwwww!"
"Man: Doctor, I feel like a supermarket.

Doctor: How long have you felt like this?

Man: Ever since I was Lidl."
"I was driving home the other day when suddenly a group of robbers jumped in and stole everything. They were pirates of the car I be in."
"Why does Santa have three gardens?

So he can ho ho ho!"
"Do you feel like a leader or a follower?

I feel like neither. I prefer to take the 'scenic route' in life... with a GPS!"
"I have an accounting joke, but it's a bit unbalanced."
I went to the doctor's the other day complaining about my sore feet. He said: Gout! I said: But I've only just walked in!
"Sasquatch is disrespected by people who question his existence...
Yeti never complains..."
"My boss is going to fire the employee with the worst posture.
I have a hunch,
it might be me."
"I tried to remember an IT joke, but it was cache-less."
"I bought a new GPS and uploaded the Fatboy Slim edition. But it just goes, 'Turn right here, right now, right here, right now.'"
"I heard a pun about a potato.
Eye won't tell you the pun, but it was very a-peeling..."
"I got bored watching the Earth turn... So after 24 hours, I called it a day."
"The police rang me earlier to say they'd recovered my stolen three-piece suit!
Which was nice of them, it was starting to look a bit worn."
"I have a friend dating a girl named Rosemary.
I don't know what he sees in her.
I guess I'll understand in Thyme."
"I bought a U2 GPS and it's garbage. The streets have no name, and I still haven't found what I'm looking for."
"I went for an interview at IKEA. The manager greeted me by saying, 'Come in, make a seat.'"
"My Star Wars-obsessed son wouldn't stop asking for a car. So I bought him a Toy Yoda."
"Just to confirm... I was not fired at the egg farm... I was just laid off..."
"Being cremated is my last hope for a smoking hot body."
"What did the alien say to the cat? Take me to your litter."
"When he lost the fingers on his hand in an accident, he asked the doctor if he would be able to write with it. The doctor said, 'It's possible, but I wouldn't count on it...'"
"A little bit about myself... My hobbies include working out, staying fit, eating healthy, and lying."
"Paid up front for a small carpenter to make me a double bed... But he's only gone and done a bunk."
"PSA of the day: Never grab hot stuff without protection."
"A blind person was eating seafood. It didn't help."
"Is it just me, or are circles pointless?"
"What did the doctor say to the patient suffering from a bacterial infection? 'Ah, I see you're a man of culture as well.'"
"If your job is to hook up six different physicians on a conference call... Would it be safe to say you have to connect the docs?"
"Sitting beside my girlfriend, I said, 'I love you.' She asked, 'Is that you or the beer talking?' I said, 'It's just me talking to the beer.'"
"Last year, I don't even remember this month; it felt like it went from April straight to July. I never felt more dismayed."
"I know it's a long shot, but does anyone have a catapult I can borrow? I promise it won't be a fling."
My dog Minton has eaten all of my shuttlecocks. Badminton.
"What's the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? A literalist takes things literally. A kleptomaniac takes things, literally."
"A friend of mine has a bank account purely for buying raisins. It's a current account."
"I only wanted one. He said, 'They're cheaper the more you buy.' I said, 'Load 'em up till they're free!'"
You can only see the stars on a finite...
There was a fight between 69 and 70. 71.
"A man goes into the butcher's and says, 'Can I have a cut of beef, please?' The butcher says, 'Lean?' The man leans backward: 'Can I have a cut of beef, please?'"
"Ever wondered why skeletons are so calm? Probably because nothing gets under their skin."
"Went on a barging holiday! Didn't have a boat, but was great at pushing people into canals."
"I was 16 minutes late for my first math lecture, 8 minutes late for the second, and 4 minutes late for the third. At this rate, I'll never be on time."
"Why do trees hate tests? Because they get stumped too easily."
"Somebody should market a beer called Occasionally. So when asked, I can say, 'I only drink occasionally.'"
"Had a carpenter come over to install new hardwood in the dining room, but he ended up doing the entire house. I was totally floored."
"My wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it…

We went out and had some drinks...

Cool spider...

She's a web developer."
"Did you know that Santa has a tenth reindeer, Olive?

She's mentioned in Rudolph's song:

Olive, the other reindeer..."
"Two meth heads start a relationship. Is that considered speed dating... or just mething around?"
"My doctor told me I have to stop drinking French liqueurs.

He said they're causing my internal organs to fill up with melted cheese.

Apparently, absinth makes the heart grow fondue?"
"The difference between Watt and Ohm...

Watts are a unit of electrical energy. Ohms are where British people live."
"When I was in college, my roommate used to clean my room, and I used to clean his.

We were maid for each other."
"Relativity theory:

One hair in the soup is relatively too much.

One hair on the head is relatively too little."
"I bought a new pair of gloves today, but they’re both lefts.

Which, on one hand, is great, but on the other, it’s just not right."
"A quarter-acre of undeveloped land may not seem like much to some people, but to me, it's a lot."
"Why did Mozart kill all of his chickens? When he asked them who the best composer was, they all replied, 'Bach, Bach, Bach.'"
"I saw a pillow sale.
I bought one,
but someone else got the rest..."
"I've just accidentally sent a naked photo of myself to everyone in my address book!
Not only is it embarrassing, it's cost me a fortune in stamps!"
"Would you rather win an Olympic medal, an Academy Award, or the Nobel Peace Prize?
Personally, I'd go for the Nobel Peace Prize. It comes with a lot fewer commercial breaks."
"My wife said if I don't do page 7 of the Kama Sutra, she will leave me.
It put me in a very difficult position."
"Elon Musk and Bill Gates should team up to invent a cure for erectile dysfunction and name it ElonGates."
"As I put my car in reverse, I thought to myself… This takes me back."
"I asked my wife to rate my listening skills.
Really don't understand why she told me to urinate on a skeleton."
"If you had to live in a different state, what would it be?
I'd live in a state of constant vacation."
"Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak."
"They finally invented a golf ball that uses a GPS signal to locate the hole, and then roll in.
Just don't put it in your back pocket; you'll have a hard time finding yourself!"
"People make such a big deal about vegans, but I don't get it. I've never had beef with one."
"On my tombstone, please write:

Not appreciating my puns when I was alive was a grave mistake."
"And the award for best neckwear goes to...

Well, would you look at that! It's a tie!"
"What do you call potheads from Pennsylvania?

Keystoners."
"Never trust a tree in the summer...

Most of them seem pretty shady."
"You know, people say they pick their nose. But I feel like I was just born with mine."
Why did the whale cross the ocean? To get to the other tide.
What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when he was chosen to act in a biopic on 18th century musical composers? I'll be Bach.
"My grandfather invented the cold air balloon.

It never really got off the ground."
"When I was 6, my dad took me into his workshop and said, 'Son, someday, this awl will be yours.'"
"My wife has left me because she says I only ever think about football.

I'm gutted; we'd been together for nearly eight seasons."
"Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink."
"My friend got home with all the grocery shopping and was complaining his house is always freezing. I said, 'Don't worry, you can always swap your chicken fajitas.' (This joke doesn't quite work, so here's a different take: I told him, 'You should try wrapping yourself in a tortilla, it’s a great way to warm up!')"
"Last night a cinema near me was robbed of over $1,000.

The thieves took one large bag of popcorn, two large drinks and a pack of Skittles."
"My wife: 'Just look at that couple down the road, how lovely they are. He keeps holding her hand, kissing her, holding the door for her. Why can't you do the same?'
Me: 'Are you mad? I barely know that woman!'"
"What type of rock is never delivered on time?

Slate."
"Cleaning windows is a pane."
"Funniest pick-up line: 'Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!'"
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That's the punch line.
"I have a plumbing joke, but I am afraid to take the plunge to tell it."
"What is it called when two mummies fart at the same time? Toot-in-common."
"How do you find Will Smith in the snow?

Follow the fresh prints."
"My friend just phoned me in tears.

His wife just left him taking his Bob Marley CDs and the satellite dish.

Poor guy...

No woman, no sky."
"Couples Therapist: So, tell me what brings you here today?

My wife: It's so difficult living with him - he takes everything so literally.

Me: A truck."
"I love that take out means food, dating, and murder...

and all three if you are a praying mantis..."
"Today I decided to go visit my childhood home.

I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face.

My parents are the worst!"
"My girlfriend left me once I stopped taking her to seafood restaurants.

Turns out she was only with me for my mussels."
"Why do chicken coops have two doors?

If they had four, it would be a chicken sedan."
"I got my eyes tested today and told the doctor I wish I could have seen like this last year...

He said 2020 vision is hindsight."
"My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children.

If anybody does, please just send me your contact details.

We can drop them off tomorrow."
"I've been told that I have a rare genetic disease that forces me to deny the existence of 80s bands.
The Cure does not exist."
"I made soup today out of alphabet soup and laxatives. I named it...

Letter Rip."
"My wife saw an ant picking up a leaf five times its body weight and told me, 'Can you imagine being that strong?' So I picked up the leaf and said: 'Yes.'"
"I was sleeping at my girlfriend's house last night.

Her dad wouldn't let us sleep in the same bed.

That really upset me because he's actually really handsome!"
"Hookers don't fart; they let out little prosti-toots."
"What lives in the ocean, is grouchy, and hates neighbors?

A hermit crab!"
"Why were the rappers late for their flight?

They forgot Tupac."
"What kind of doctor fixes broken websites?

A URLogist."
"My wife emailed me the pictures of our first date together, but I couldn't open any of the files. I have serious emotional attachment issues."
"The 5 signs of laziness

1."
"I asked my North Korean friend how it was there. He said: I can't complain."
"My son asked me, 'Do you want to hear a really good Batman impression!?'

I said, 'Go on, then.' He shouted, 'NOT THE KRYPTONITE!'

I laughed, 'That's Superman!'

He said, 'Thanks, Dad! I've been practicing a lot!'"
"Why can't we call a cigarette a Lipstick?"
"My wife asked if I had seen the moon tonight...

I didn't know it was lost..."
"'Just say NO to drugs!'

Well, if I'm talking to my drugs,

I probably already said yes."
"I just found out my mom is the tooth fairy and I'm devastated.

I can't believe she is leaving me home alone every night."
"Why should you knock before you open the fridge door?

There might be a salad dressing."
"Every morning I announce that I'm going for a jog, but then I don't go...

It's a running joke..."
"A guy died from laughing too much. It was manslaughter."
"Who is bigger, Mr. Bigger or Mr. Bigger's baby? Mr. Bigger's baby, because he's a little Bigger."
Why did the chef need to see a therapist? Because he had a lot of truffles in his life.
"Shout out to my grandma, that's the only way she can hear."
"Why couldn't the sailor play cards? The captain was standing on the deck!"
"What do you call a hen looking at a lettuce? Chicken sees her salad."
"What do you call a snake wearing a hard hat? A boa constructor."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!"
"Some of these are grate! Just like a cheese grater."
"What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!"
"Who is the roundest knight at King Arthur's Roundtable? Sir Cumference."
"My neighbors listen to really good music… Whether they like it or not."
"My wife left me when I became a contortionist. I should be sad, but I'm knot."
"What kind of music did the Pilgrims like?

Plymouth Rock!"
"I swallowed a dictionary. It gave me thesaurus throat I've ever had."
"Fuming, my dog Minton ate my only shuttlecock earlier.

Bad Minton!"
"If I apply for a job at the railroad,

will they expect me to already know how to do the job

or will they train me?"
"Every Velcro item I buy is a ripoff."
"Son: Dad, I want to be in politics when I grow up.

Dad: Are you insane?
Have you completely lost your mind?
Are you a moron?

Son: Forget it! There are way too many requirements!"
"The two most important things in a relationship:

1. Honesty

2. Lying to save the other person's feelings"
"I got a job at a bakery.

Because I kneaded dough."
"Wife says to her programmer husband, 'Go to the store and buy a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, buy a dozen.' Husband returns with 12 loaves of bread."
"Surfers need
a waiver too."
"I just read that alligators can grow up to 15 feet.

But I haven't seen any with more than 4."
"Three guys are on a boat with four cigarettes but nothing to light them with. So they throw one cigarette overboard, and the boat becomes a cigarette lighter."
"Darth Vader once baked cookies.

They were a little on the dark side."
"What's a snail on a boat? A snailor."
"Women call me ugly until they find out how much money I make.

Then they call me ugly and poor."
"If America switched from pounds to kilograms overnight, would it create mass confusion?"
Isn't it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
"Never ask a woman her age,
Never ask a man his salary,
and never ask
The British Museum how they got so many artifacts."
"A policeman stops a car...
Policeman: Whose car is this, where are you taking it, and what do you do for a living?
Miner: Mine."
"My dad died last year when my family couldn't remember his blood type for the blood transfusion.
As he was dying, he kept murmuring, 'Be positive.'
He really was a beacon of light right to the end."
"How many immature people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
Ha ha!! Screw!"
"Did you hear the one about the guy with the broken hearing aid? Neither did he."
"My girlfriend said, 'You act like a detective too much. I want to split up.'
'Good idea,' I replied. 'We can cover more ground that way!'"
"My dad was bragging about his hearing aid. 'State of the art,' he said. 'Cost me a fortune.'
'Awesome,' I said, 'what type is it?'
'Two thirty,' he replied."
"I told my friend I have a philosophy joke, but is it really a joke? He said, 'I Kant even.'"
"How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizza?
Deep pan, Crisp and even..."
"I was diagnosed as colorblind yesterday. It came completely out of the purple."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!"
"What do you call a superhero with a bad sense of direction?

Wander Woman."
"I met a vaping vampire from Romania.

He called himself Vlad the Inhaler."
"I received a flyer on anger management the other day.

I lost it."
"What's the most pleasant sounding accent?

A smile."
"You know that feeling when you meet someone and your heart skips a beat?
Yeah, that's arrhythmia.
You can die from that!"
"My wife said, 'You haven't listened to a word I've said, have you?'

What a strange way to start a conversation with me."
"How do you cut the Roman Empire in half?

With a pair of Caesars!"
"Doctor: 'So, Mr. Jenkins, I have these amazing new pills that will stop your diarrhea issues immediately!'

Mr. Jenkins: 'No kidding!'"
"I'm right 97% of the time. Who cares about the other 3%?"
"What do you call a chickpea that walks off a cliff?

Falafell."
"My great uncle died making butter on his farm last week. It was a really unfortunate churn of events."
"I was trying to find a good chemistry pun,
but all the good ones argon."
"How does a flamenco dancer catch lots of fish?
She castanets."
"The swordfish has few predators in the wild, except for the rare penfish, which is said to be mightier."
I wrote a mediocre parody of Elton John's 'Your Song.' It's a little bit funny...
"Working out is like a drug to me.
I don't do drugs."
"I got caught smuggling twelve cases of Portuguese fortified wine into the country...
Now I'm worried I might be de-ported."
"My father and I were leaving our hotel room in Iraq, and he almost forgot his suitcase. I said, 'Don't forget your Baghdad.'"
"Why did no one bid for Rudolph or Blitzen on eBay?
They were too deer."
"Where do fish get their money?
The river bank."
"I had a terrible nightmare in which I was forced to eat my own clone. I almost scared myself."
"Hey Walmart, don't be mad at me for not scanning everything.

You literally gave me zero training before promoting me to cashier."
"I was going to make myself a belt made out of watches, but then I realized it would be a waste of time."
"A policeman knocked on my door last night.

'Where were you between 4 and 6?' he demanded.

'Primary school,' I replied."
"If the Mayans taught us anything, it's that if you don't finish something, it's not the end of the world..."
"I accidentally handed my wife the superglue instead of her lipstick.

Now she's not talking to me."
"What was the best thing before sliced bread? Unleavened innovation!"
"A skeleton goes into a bar and orders a pint of beer and a mop."
"I'll never forget my granddad's last words to me just before he died: 'Are you still holding the ladder?'"
"What monster likes to dance at a party? The boogieman!"
"In 2020 we had an entire year of bad puns about vision!

That's called hindsight."
"This guy threw a gallon of milk at me.

How dairy!"
"PRIEST: Are you a Catholic?

ME: I have four, but I wouldn't say I'm addicted."
"Where do bees go to the toilet?

BP stations."
"What is green and sings?

Elvis Parsley."
"My New Year's resolutions are:

1. Stop making lists.
2. Be more consistent.
3. Learn to count."
"A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says:

'I'll have 5 beers, please.'"
"I've just finished reading a brilliant book called, 'How to Avoid Getting Ripped Off.'

Best $100 I ever spent!"
"Today's Definition: Bigotry

A large, woody plant"
"[Please enter a password]
ilovedogs
[Password must contain at least one capital]
ILoveDogsInParis"
"How many optometrists does it take to change a lightbulb?

One... or two? One...or two?"
"How does Bill Gates count to ten?

1, 2, 3, 95, 98, NT, 2000, ME, XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10."
"My kids have been throwing Scrabble tiles at each other again.

It's all fun and games until someone loses an i."
"What happens if the average number of bullies at a school goes up?

The mean increases."
"My grandma hates her new stairlift. She says it drives her up the wall."
"I told my friend I was feeling down because I hadn't slept more than nine hours in a while.

He told me, 'That's nothing to lose sleep over!'"
"When does a joke become a dad joke?

When it becomes apparent..."
"My wife is still mad at me because I accidentally put superglue on her pen a few days ago.

She just can't seem to let it go."
"Last night I was up late watching the Wimbledon highlights. But my wife came down and shouted, 'What's with all the racquet?'"
"Take a lesson from cows...

It's impossible to lose weight by eating greens and walking."
"Why did the broom win the dance-off?
He swept away the competition."
"Ladies, if he can't appreciate your fruit jokes...
You need to let that mango!"
"What internal organ is located on children's legs but not on adults?
Kidneys."
"My wife is threatening to leave me because of my obsession with wearing different clothes every half an hour.
I said, 'Wait, I can change.'"
"What's the difference between a guy with formal wear on a bicycle and a guy with casual wear on a unicycle?
Attire."
"What do you get when you throw a hand grenade into a French bathroom?
Linoleum Blownapart."
"Why is it that night falls but day breaks?"
"If you can't tie a knot,
you cannot.
If you can tie a knot,
you can knot."
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?
They don't have the guts."
"Last week, I missed my Geometry class because I got on the Rhombus."
"Do you know what the leading cause of dry skin is?

Towels."
"Some people don't know what a will is...
If that's you, it's a dead giveaway!"
"If love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?"
"What are terminators called when they retire?
Exterminators."
"I play triangle for a reggae band.
It's pretty casual.
I just stand at the back and ting."
"What do you call someone who drills holes?
Boring."
"She asked if I was looking for a good time.
It was a trick question."
"The only thing I have planned for today is to get my new glasses.
Then I'll see what happens."
"We can't watch the origami world championship.
It's only on paper view."
"Sadly, young folks realize they're missing child-rearing skills
only when they become apparent..."
"I may not be the sexiest man alive, but I'm definitely in the top three billion."
"I keep having this dream about a horse in full battle armor.

Actually, it's probably more of a knight mare."
"Stopped by a roadside stand that said lobster tails $2. I paid my $2 and he said...

Once upon a time, there was this lobster..."
"How many click-bait articles does it take to change a light bulb?

The answer may shock you."
"I have a joke about water, but it tends to sink like a stone."
"I got a job in a coffee shop.
I feel I can espresso myself there.
But don't make a mocha-ry of me.

It's a little latte for that."
"What's the one thing to guarantee you get butterflies? Caterpillars."
"What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney?

Claustrophobia."
"I let a Pasta Chef borrow my car, and he returned it all denty..."
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
Two paths diverged in the woods. When they did... America took the psychopath.
"I tapped my 11-year-old son's knee yesterday and said, 'What organ is this?' He said, 'Umm, my leg?' I said, 'Nope, it's your kid knee.'"
"I used to be in a band called The Hinges.

We supported The Doors."