"When I drink alcohol, everyone says I'm an alcoholic.

But when I drink Fanta, no one says I'm fantastic."
"Forgive me, Father, Pastor, Vicar, Padre, Priest... for I have synonymed."
"I bought a Venus flytrap because it said on the label it eats bugs and flies.

Liars! Mine hasn't left its pot."
"The angry past, present, and future walked into a bar.

It was tense."
"Two atoms are walking along. One of them says:
'Oh, no, I think I lost an electron.'
'Are you sure?'
'Yes, I'm positive.'"
"What do you like to do on a rainy day? I like to stay inside and count how many times my Wi-Fi goes out."
"In Japan, they give Kobe steer beer, but they give a Kawasaki."
My housemates are convinced our house is haunted. I've lived here for 274 years and not noticed anything strange.
"I used to know a guy who did circumcisions. The money wasn't great, but he got to keep the tips."
"Two boulders got married but divorced a short time later. He claims she took him for granite."
"I saw a magician yesterday who turned audience members into wind turbines. I immediately became a big fan."
"I just made a list of my top 10 favorite Dad jokes. The first 9 are great, but the last one is an absolute cracker:

1) great
2) great
3) great
4) great
5) great
6) great
7) great
8) great
9) great
10) An absolute cracker"
"I'm trying to be a sociopath, but I'm not that great at manipulating people. I'm more of a so-so path..."
My pony caught a cold. He's a little hoarse.
"Why did the frog take the bus to work?

His car got toad."
"I have an ED joke, but I'm just not up to it."
Be careful when you follow the masses... sometimes the M is silent...
"What's a vampire's favorite fruit?

A nectarine."
"I went trick or treating as Gandhi and kept all my candy in a hat.
A guy tried to take the candy from my hat.
I said, 'My hat, my candy.'"
"My wife has been leaving jewelry catalogs all over the house.
So, I've taken the hint.
Got her a magazine rack!"
"A horse walks into a bar.
The bartender says, 'Hey.'
The horse replies, 'Sure.'"
"I spent five dollars on a weather app for my phone. I got two dollars and fifteen cents back in climate change."
"I visited my friend at his new house. He told me to make myself at home.
So I threw him out. I hate visitors."
"I have a geography joke, but I don't know where it is."
"Know what the soy sauce said to the rice?
'I've got something to shoyu!'"
"6 was scared of 7 because 7, 8, 9. But why did 7 eat 9? Because you're supposed to eat three squared meals a day."
"Young guy to old guy: 'Excuse me, sir, but why do you have a suppository stuck in your ear?'
Old guy: 'Well, I'm not sure, but now I think I know where my hearing aid is.'"
"I thought I'd try snail racing. My tactic was to take the shell off and make them a little lighter and quicker. But instead, they became more sluggish."
"If I had to get rid of one part of my body, I'd get rid of my spine. Sometimes I think it's holding me back."
"They just discovered an Egyptian tomb filled with chocolate and hazelnut. They believe it's the tomb of Pharaoh Rocher."
"How do you make anti-freeze?

Steal her blanket."
"I saw a group of neighbors jogging past my house earlier and it really inspired me...

To get up and close the curtains."
"Just bought a low energy light bulb from the hardware store.

The assistant asked, 'Will you be putting this up yourself?'

I said, 'No, it's going in the lounge.'"
"What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?

Prime mates."
"Puns don't want to be bad; they are just worded that way..."
"I started my new job as a bingo caller last night, and halfway through calling the numbers, I farted.

My boss rushed over, 'Don't do that again.'

'Sorry,' I said, 'It must be the nerves.'

'That's fine, but there was no need to hold the microphone to your butt.'"
"I have a urology joke, but it's already leaked out."
"I asked my friend Sam to sing a song about iPhones.

Then Samsung."
"We probably should've known that the 2016 presidency would end with ketchup dripping down a wall, but then, hindsight is 2020."
"My wife is furious at our next door neighbor who sunbathes topless in her backyard. Personally, I'm on the fence."
"Each time you light your lighter

Your lighter gets lighter

Until your lighter gets so light

That it won't light.

Is it still a lighter?"
"I found out why nurses carry red crayons.

In case they have to draw blood."
"I'm so committed to the environment that even my jokes are recycled."
"What is the root of all evil? 25.8069758011"
"How much does a pirate charge for an earring?

About a buck an ear!"
"Harry Potter can't tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend. They're both CauldRon."
"My wife is complaining that I never buy her jewelry.

In my defense, I didn't even know she sold jewelry."
"My wife says I'm the cheapest man in the world. I'm not buying it."
"Which of the Seven Dwarfs is most like you?"
"My wife and I decided we didn't want to have children.

We don't know how they'll take it, but we're telling them at dinner..."
"I recently started a band called 999 Megabytes. We're good, but we haven't got a gig yet."
"I don’t like cheese because it makes me fart.

I usually don't fart until I cut the cheese..."
"What do you call a horse that moves around a lot? Unstable..."
"I went on a date with a woman whose online profile said she had an infectious smile.

She had cold sores."
"I'm on a plane and the lunch choices are white meat chicken or German sausage. Unfortunately, I'm seated in the last row. I'm hoping for the breast, but preparing for the wurst."
"My wife has left me because of my obsession with pasta.

I'm feeling cannelloni right now."
"I tried to start a hide-and-seek club, but it was a complete failure.

Good players are hard to find."
"Know why it costs $1.50 to put air in your tires these days?
Inflation..."
"I tried to sign up to a website the other day.
I put my password as BeefStew, but it said the password wasn't stroganoff."
"I was in a taxi, and the driver said it was going to cost $6. I said, 'I've only got $5, can you reverse a bit?'"
"An American, a Brit, a Canadian, a Dane, an Ethiopian, a Frenchman, a Greek, a Haitian, a Kiwi, a Lithuanian, a Nigerian, an Omani, a Peruvian, a Uruguayan, a Venezuelan, a Western Saharan, and a Zimbabwean walk into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, you can't come in without a Thai.'"
"As a hobby, my dad stabs clocks with his knife. Says it's a fun way to kill time.
It's a good thing time heals all wounds!"
"What do the Titanic and the Sixth Sense have in common?
Icy dead people."
"The reason I don't run for political office is because I'm against capital PUNishment."
"What do you call a kid afraid of Santa?
Claustrophobic."
"Turns out my friend used to be indecisive... But now she's not so sure..."
"Want to hear a joke about paper?
Never mind, it's tearable."
"Someone keeps sending me flowers with all the heads cut off.

I think I'm being stalked!"
"Why is the men's bathroom always on the left?

Because women are always right."
"What happens when the fog lifts in Los Angeles?

UCLA."
"Give a man a fish and you will feed him for the day. Teach a man to fish and he's going to spend a fortune on gear he'll only use twice a year."
"I insulted my friend Terry in public, and I feel awful. I must be suffering from dissin' Terry."
"I'm very pleased to say that I have rid myself of the extra electrical charge that has been bothering me...

In fact, I'm ex-static."
"A cheese sandwich walks into a bar and asks for a pint.

Bartender: Sorry, we don't serve food."
"My wife always wanted a son with a foreign-sounding name, so after she gave birth, she decided on Mark but with a C.

She will be so excited to see Cark's birth certificate that came in the mail today!"
"I remember the first time I saw a universal remote control.

I thought to myself...

Well, this changes everything."
"You know you're getting old when your wife says, 'Honey, let's run upstairs and make love,' and you answer, 'I can't do both.'"
I just said 'no comment' all the way through the police interview. I didn't get the job.
"My wife tripped and dropped the basket of clothes she had just ironed.

I watched it all unfold."
"What's invisible and unpopular?

A fart in an elevator."
"Doughnut.
Now there's a word that I really like -
it just has a certain ring to it."
"My friend Ty came in first in the Beijing marathon, but he wasn't given the gold medal. The Chinese refused to recognize Ty won."
"My friend and I opened a shared bank account for buying weed.

It'll be our joint account."
"I had a goal to lose two stone by the end of the year.

Just three stone to go!"
"If you suck at playing the trumpet,

that's probably why ..."
"I'm practicing for a bug-eating contest and I've got butterflies in my stomach."
"Did you know that 97% of the world is stupid?

Luckily, I'm in the other 5%."
"I don't want to brag, but I finished the jigsaw puzzle in a week, and it said 2-4 years on the box."
I have a surgery joke that will leave you in stitches.
"At any given moment, the urge to sing 'The Lion Sleeps Tonight'
is just a whim away, a whim away, a whim away, a whim away..."
"A guy tried to sell me a mirror, but I knew it was a scam. I could see right through it."
Why are old people's feet in such rough shape? Because time wounds all heels.
"I've just written a song about tortilla. Well, it's more of a rap, actually."
"What do you call a man with no shins?
Tony.

That can happen when you work at textiles and notions..."
"Thought of the day... If Benny and Bjorn from ABBA had been called Steve and Dave, would the band have been called ASDA?"
"I called up my landlord and said, 'Hey, I gotta leak in my sink.'
He said, 'Go ahead. I'm not judging.'"
"Have you ever had Jewish coffee? You'd like it; it's really good."
"What do we want!?

HEARING AIDS!!!

When do we want them!?

HEARING AIDS!!!"
"As I rowed my little boat
Toward the river shore,
A small black bird kept me from landing,
Quoth the raven, 'Never moor.'"
"Why is girlfriend one word but best friend is two words? Because your best friend gives you space when you need it."
"My flat-earther friend decided to walk to the end of the world to prove it is flat.

In the end, he came around."
"I have a space joke, but it is totally out there!"
What did the pessimist say to the chef? Everything you make turns to mush.
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry.
My coworker just rescued a dog that's a Havanese/Shih Tzu mix. She's registering it as a Havashit.
Last night some thugs threw Chinese dumplings at my house. Can you believe such wonton vandalism!
"What do you call an Irishman who's so hyperactive that he's literally bouncing off the walls?

Rick O'Shea."
"I was out with my young daughter and ran into a friend I'd not seen in years.

'This is Beth,' I said, introducing my kid.

'And what's Beth short for?' he asked.

'Because she's only three,' I answered."
"The IRS has announced that all marijuana dealers must file a joint tax return."
"I told my friend a risqué joke, but it was just bawdy shaming."
"Coffee doesn't care if you wear pants.
Coffee doesn't wear pants either.

Pants are dumb."
"I had a dream last night about some cheese chasing me.

I think I'm having hallouminations."
"A man was interviewed about falling off the Eiffel Tower and surviving.

'What happened?'

'Eiffel!'"
"Today, I saw someone waving and I wasn't sure whether they were waving at me or at someone behind me. In other news, I was fired from my lifeguard job."
"My math book was feeling sad and spoke to my physics textbook.

Math book: 'I'm so sad, and I'm sorry, Physics. I am leaving you.'

Physics: 'But, Math, I can't live without you! Please don't leave! You are all I have left.'

Math: 'Yes, that's just it. We have lost our Chemistry!'"
"I woke up with a face full of rice. I must've fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pilau."
"What do clouds wear under their shorts? Thunderpants."
"A Jehovah's Witness gave me an advent calendar.

The first door I opened, there were two of them standing behind it."
"Most people aren't offended by the occasional typo..."
"No winner last night at the Origami convention's annual poker tournament.

There was lots of cutting up, but then everyone folded!"
"A man robs a bank with two CDs glued to his glasses. The cashier hands the man all the money and then asks, 'I've got to ask, what's with the CDs?' He replies, 'It's my disk-eyes.'"
"Why do seagulls live by the sea?

Because if they lived by the bay, they'd be bagels."
"Sara sees her friend's husband carrying a bouquet of flowers.

Sara: A bouquet of flowers. How nice!

Rachael: Oh sure, but I'm going to have to keep my legs up in the air for three days.

Sara: Why don't you just use a vase?"
"A rabbit used to come up to my front yard every day for food, but hasn't shown up in a week. Now it's just some bunny that I used to know."
"Hey everybody, I just finished the 30-day yoga challenge, and it was easier than I expected.

In fact, I bet I could go another 30 days without doing yoga."
"What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants?

One is a crusty bus station, and the other is a busty crustacean."
"Things that make me go hmmmmmm

Does Medusa need to feed her hair?"
"Nurse: Doctor, there's a patient that says he's invisible.


Doctor: Well, tell him I can't see him right now!"
"My Granddad M@ was complaining to his second wife Mir&a
about having to have another :oscopy yesterday,
when my dad &y heard and told him
that's what he deserved for naming him and my aunt C&y the way he did

I'm never telling my son P@ about this conversation..."
"Why is Peter Pan always flying?

He neverlands.

I like this joke because it never grows old."
"I had a great joke about a chain email, but you probably wouldn't get it."
I lost my watch at a party once. I saw a guy step on it while harassing a girl. I walked up and punched him straight on the nose. I said: No one does that to a girl...not on my watch.
Today my wife was conned into buying a really terrible old mirror. It reflects poorly on her.
I put the sexy in dyslexia.
"How do you make a door laugh?

Tickle its knob."
"Why did the tomato blush?

Because it saw the salad dressing."
"What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB."
"My two goals for today were to get out of bed and drink coffee...

So far, I'm a success!"
"I listen to talk radio with such frequency that my ear Hertz."
"Why do choirs keep buckets handy? So they can carry their tune."
"I had a gym joke, but it didn't work out!"
I had to change dentists because the last one hurt my fillings.
"My wife says she's leaving me because she thinks I'm too obsessed with astronomy.

What planet is she on!"
"Three years ago, my doctor told me I was going deaf.

I haven't heard from him since."
"ME: I'd like to return this.

CLERK: Sir, we don't sell VCRs from the 90s.

ME: I bought it here.

CLERK: At Old Navy?

ME: *stamping foot* This used to be a Radio Shack!

CLERK:

ME: Store credit, then?"
"Did you know Abraham Lincoln lived in Pennsylvania?

Surely you've heard of his Gettysburg Address!"
"My partner makes me speak a certain phrase before I can look her in the eye.

She calls it her wife-eye password!"
"I had a joke about premature...

well, it came earlier than anticipated."
I got caught in the middle of two deaf people arguing in sign language.

I couldn't understand a word they said.
"I tried to get some storm insurance for my campsite, but I was denied. They said that if my tents get blown away, I won't be covered."
"What do you call a group of transgender female superheroes? The Ex Men."
"Two cats are having a swimming race. One is called 'One two three', the other 'Un deux trois'. Which cat won? 'One two three' because 'Un deux trois cat sank'."
What did the doctor say to the man covered in cling film? I can clearly see you're nuts.
Scientists have just found out that Jupiter does not experience earthquakes because it experiences jupiterquakes.
What did Santa say to Mrs. Claus when he saw a thunderstorm? Looks like reindeer.
Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.
Famed sci-fi starship commander moonlighting as an office records-keeper: Captain Clerk.
"Studies show people that have more birthdays...

live the longest..."
"If two car dealers had a shared parking area...

they would have a lot in common."
"I've opened a gym where the instructors go door to door to tell people about the benefits of joining. I've named it Jehovah's Fitness."
"Why couldn't Peter Pan ever be a comedian? Because his jokes Neverland."
"What's worse than being shot?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Being shot twice."
"Microwave

(n.) A hand gesture used by a small person to say hello."
"The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed."
Scientists have recently discovered a fossilized dinosaur fart. They say it's a blast from the past.
"What do you call a lazy skeleton?

Bone idle."
"Hitler walks into a Jewish psychic's office.
The psychic is terrified.
Hitler: Don't worry, I just have a question.
Psychic: What's your question?
Hitler: When will I die?
Psychic: On a Jewish holiday.
Hitler: Which one?
Psychic: Doesn't matter when you die, it will be a Jewish holiday."
"I'm so strong I can lift buildings!
Well... only if it's a lighthouse."
"The first million people to send me $1.00 will get a copy of my guide on how to become a millionaire."
"My housekeeping style is best described as: there appears to have been a struggle."
"Where do vegetarians go on vacation?
Quornwall."
"I've named my puppies Timex and Rolex. They're watch dogs."
"I've just seen my wife, slightly drunk, yelling at the TV...
'Don't go in there! Don't go in the church, you moron!'
She's watching our wedding video again."
"Writing poetry about cats is purr verse."
"Not to get technical, but, according to chemistry,
Coffee is a solution!"
"I got forty winks this afternoon. I was on the bus opposite a girl with a nervous tic."
"First job I ever had was at an orange juice factory, but I got canned...
I couldn't concentrate..."
"My wife told me she was going to leave me if I didn't stop singing 'I'm a Believer.' I thought she was joking.
But then I saw her face."
"What is a sloth's favorite kitchen item?
A...
...
...
Slow...
...
...
Cooker."
"I was gonna ask which Nirvana album was the best, but then I thought... Nevermind."
Puns leave me numb. Mathematical puns leave me number.
Finally got around to reading that book about clocks! It's about time!
"Listening to Queen's albums could be bad for your health due to...
high mercury content..."
"I have an education joke, but you wouldn't understand."
"When I first started dating my wife, she asked me what some of my dreams were. I told her one was about a T-Rex who didn't get a job because he couldn't tie his tie. She meant goals..."
"My dog talks in his sleep.
He never tells the truth.
There's nothing I can do about it.
...
...
...
...
You have to let sleeping dogs lie."
"I just sat next to a baby on a 12-hour flight. I had no idea that someone could cry for 12 hours straight. Even the baby seemed impressed."
"What do you call Santa's most impolite reindeer?

Rudeolph."
"I took my 8-year-old daughter to the office with me on Take Your Kid to Work Day.

As we walked around the office, she started crying,

so I asked what was wrong with her.
As my colleagues gathered around, she sobbed:

'But daddy, where are all the clowns you said you worked with?'"
"What fish work in hospitals?

Sturgeons."
"What do you call a boat full of polite football players?

A good sportsman ship."
"Scientists studying the effect of cannabis on seabirds have left no tern unstoned."
"I told my contractor I didn't want carpeted steps.

He gave me a blank stair."
"I started a new job recently, and my fiancée asked me if there was a gym in my building...

I said I'm not sure. I haven't met everyone yet."
"I trapped a couple of vegans in my basement.
At least I think they are vegans.
They keep yelling, 'Lettuce leaf!'"
"What moisturizer do Spanish bullfighters use?

Olay."
"I've got a friend who reminds me of a software update. Every time I see him, I groan: Not now."
"When I was 10, my mom told me to take my brother to a movie so she could set up for his surprise birthday party. That was when I realized he was her favorite twin, not me."
"What's brown and sticky?

.

.

A stick."
"Some guy stopped me in the street and asked, 'Why are you carrying a 9ft book?'

I replied... 'It's a long story.'"
"If you have trouble remembering your password, find a picture of some running shoes and stare at it.

Maybe it'll help jog your memory."
"My ex-wife divorced me because I was bad at directions.

Said I didn't notice when we both went south."
"What type of music does cheese like best?

R & Brie"
"Why can't you breed an eel with an eagle?

It's eeleagle."
"You know, my hen counts her own eggs... she's a mathemachicken."
What's the best thing about being forgetful? You can hide your own Easter eggs.
"I went to the drugstore for Imodium, but the shelf was empty. The clerk said there had been a run on it..."
"Elmer and Mabel, both hard of hearing, are on a road trip:

They get pulled over by a cop who asks, “WHERE ARE YOU FROM?”

Elmer tells the cop, who says, 'Damn, I hate that place. The worst sex I ever had was there.'

Mabel: 'WHAT DID HE SAY?'

Elmer: 'HE SAYS HE THINKS HE KNOWS YOU.'"
"Three weeks ago, I sent my hearing aids in for repair.

I've heard nothing since."
"Do you know what elves rely on during political campaigns? Propagandalf."
"Elmer complained, 'I've found a button in my salad.'

The waiter replied, 'That's all right, sir, it's part of the dressing.'"
"I want to open an occult-themed vegan restaurant and call it

HAIL SEITAN."
"My old dad really wanted me to make paper planes with him. Eventually, I folded."
"A friend had a new baby girl.

Her coworker asked: 'What's her name?'

My friend replied: 'Melanie Noelle.'

Her coworker: 'How do you spell it, then?'"
"My mother used to beat me as a child with a camera.

I keep having flashbacks, and now I suffer from bipolaroid disorder!"
"Daffynitions: Bigamist (N):

A huge fog in Italy."
"My Disney Princess name is

Taco Belle"
"Last week I bought an alarm clock made out of potatoes.

It's okay, but it's driving me mad now as the alarm keeps getting me up potato clock."
"Where does a tongue go to drop off its old clothes?

The Salivation Army"
"The pitcher came from a poor family."
"Johnny: 'I stuck a firework up a frog's butt.'

Teacher: 'Rectum?'

Johnny: 'You’re darn right it did!'"
"Don't fight with a yellow, medium-hard Swiss cheese because...

Emmental!"
"Where did Noah keep his bees?

In the ark hives..."
"There is a species of antelope capable of jumping higher than the average house. This is due to its powerful legs and the fact that...

...the average house...

...can't jump."
"The downside of living in my area is that so many people have head lice.

The positive side is, we are a close-knit community!"
"What's the leading cause of dry skin?

Towels."
"If Schwarzenegger ever got impeached, would he be

terminated?"
"Boy: Can we go to McDonald's, Grandpa?

Grandpa: We can if you can spell it.

Boy: Let's go to KFC instead!"
"This morning I saw my neighbor talking to her cat; it was obvious the poor woman thought the cat understood her. When I got home, I told my dog... we laughed a lot."
"I drove my wife to the airport and dropped her off.

She got home 30 minutes later in a taxi and said, 'What was that about?'"
"I was asked by someone to post one of my fantastic fish in herb sauce recipes.

But I'm not sure if this is the thyme or the plaice."
"I'm organizing a charity ball next week for people who struggle to reach orgasm. Just let me know if you can't come."
"I created a new cocktail. I call it Trump Kahlua-sion.

It's a White Russian with a twist."
"What's Forrest Gump's password?

1forest1"
"Are royalties paid in

reign checks?"
"What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi?

The people of Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but the people of Abu Dhabi Do."
"Would you rather be the best player on a horrible team or the worst player on a great team?"
"I have a paving joke, but it's my own asphalt for telling it wrong."
"I'm so pale… I don't send nudes, I send transparencies."
"I think I've eaten some bad seafood. I'm feeling a little eel."
"A man asks another man to lend him $10 until next payday. The second man says, 'Sure, here you go. When's payday?' 'I don't know. You're the one with the job!'"
My wife is like a newspaper... There's a new issue every day.
"My wife just couldn't accept my obsession with horoscopes.

In the end, it Taurus apart."
"If someone makes baskets in their sleep, does that mean they are a dream-weaver?"
"If every time you had a drink of soda you accidentally poked yourself in the eye with the straw, who would be the best person to help you avoid the problem in the future?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
NoStrawDumbAss"
"What's Iron Man without his suit? Stark naked."
"As a kid, we couldn't afford a dog.

So I was made to walk the plank."
"My New Year's resolution:

Simply to remember to write 2020 instead of 2019.

Dammit... Sigh..."
"How does Santa keep track of all the fireplaces he's visited?

He keeps a logbook."
"I've got no problems with genetically modified food!

I've just had a lovely leg of salmon."
"There was a catastrophic cyber attack recently; the government is still looking for the hacker.

I think he ran some ware."
"My friend is allergic to rice.

He's basmatic."
"What do you call a hen who counts her eggs?

A mathemachicken."
"Why did God create Adam before Eve?

He didn't want any advice on how to do it."
"If you really think about it, condoms are just sonblock."
"I have a witty hairdressing joke, but the details are a bit fuzzy."
"What do you call an honest, apathetic agnostic? Truthfully, I don't know and I don't care."
"If you don't like my cheese jokes...

You must be laughtose intolerant!"
"What do you call the most judgmental hot tub? The j'accuzzi."
"Why do teenage girls hang out in odd numbers?

Because they can't even."
"A moment of silence for our dear friend, liquid water, who did not survive the 100-degree temperature... You will be mist."
"Who won the skeleton's fitness contest?

Nobody..."
"Why doesn't any man need more than one rooster? A cock a dude'll do."
"Officer: I'm sorry to say, sir, but it looks like your wife has been hit by a bus.
Man: Yeah, but she's got a great personality."
"Me: Judge, 60% of my parking tickets are bogus!
Judge: Repeat infractions?
Me: Okay, 3/5 of my tickets are bogus!"
"I tripped over my wife's bra.

It was a booby trap."
"My son called me a simp.

After I Googled what it meant, I said, 'Then you're a Simpson!'"
"I wonder if jellyfish are sad that there are no peanut butter fish..."
"I tried telling a proctologist joke, but I just made an ass of everyone."
Cannibals will never go hungry. They can always make themselves a snack.
"A dog was drowning in a pond. Luckily, a German man walked past and pulled it from the water to try and save it. I asked the man, 'Are you a vet?' The man replied, 'Am I wet? I'm soaking!'"
"As I lay in bed, looking up at the many thousands of stars in the night sky, I think to myself...

WHAT IN THE HECK HAPPENED TO MY ROOF?"
"Not to brag, but I was laughing at Donald Trump way before the UN decided to do it."
"If you could ask your pet 3 questions, what would they be?"
"I sent ten puns to my friends, with the hope that at least one of the puns would make them laugh.
Alas...
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
No pun in ten did."
"Just asked Siri.

'Surely it's not going to rain today?'

She said it will, and don't call me Shirley.

... Forgot to take my phone off Airplane mode."
"I was told my neighbor was thinking of going as a band-aid for Halloween, but then decided against it.

It would be really hard to pull off."
"Will you marry me - Proposal
Will, You, Mary, Me - Foursome request
Will, you marry me - Time traveler spoiling the future
Will you, Mary me - Cavewoman Introducing herself

Punctuation, it's THAT important!"
"My parents always tell me their world doesn't revolve around me. So, I guess that means I'm not actually their sun."
My brother is dating a girl named Rosemary... I don't know what he sees in her...
"I asked my boss for a raise.

He told me I could have it as soon as I find the letter F in the word 'way...'"
"Just heard a large cat has escaped from the zoo?

I nearly Puma pants."
"Q: What do you call a Satanist who only eats low-carb pizza?
A: The anti-crust."
"A rabbit's favorite flavor in beer?

Hops!"
"I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people...

but none of them work."
"Have you ever tried eating a clock?

It's really time-consuming! Especially when you go for seconds!"
"Just tried to use my store discount card to scrape the ice from my car windshield.

But I only got 20% off."
"I've created an app similar to Tinder, but it's for paleontologists. It's called Carbon Dating."
"The inventor of the USB stick has died.

Thanks for the memory."
"I'm sorry, sir, your ex-wife was pronounced dead.

I can't believe I've been pronouncing it wrong all this time!"
"The bartender looked over at me and said, 'Your glass is empty. Fancy another one?'

'Why would I want two empty glasses?' I asked."
"At weddings, old people always poke me and say, 'You'll be next!' It's so annoying! So, I've started doing the same to them at funerals."
"My boss said to me, 'You are the worst train operator ever. How many trains have you derailed in the past year?' I said, 'I'm not sure. It's hard to keep track.'"
"I've just broken up with my gym.

We just weren't working out."
"Some rock is taken for granite."
"ENTER NEW PASSWORD: chicken

PASSWORD MUST CONTAIN A CAPITAL: ChickenKiev"
"In church, someone asked what a bishop does. Evidently, 'move diagonally' wasn't the answer."
"I was having trouble with my computer at work, so I called IT Support... He said, 'Have you tried disabling cookies?' I said, 'Well, I once bit the legs off a gingerbread man.'"
"I just had to chase a mugger down the street after he stole my wallet!

He really gave me a run for my money."
"Why did the non-binary prospector move to California in 1849? Because there was gold in them/their hills."
"What is it called when one butt cheek is bigger than the other? Assymmetrical."
"When someone tells you to break a leg in an audition...

They are hoping you end up in the cast!"
"I thought about making chicken pot pie tonight, but then I realized I was just feeling flaky."
"When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane."
"Relationships are a lot like algebra.
Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?"
"A boat builder is showing his son one of his forests. He turns to him and says, 'Son, one day this will all be oars.'"
The cemetery is where great songwriters go to decompose.
"A kitchen knife and fork had a race.
Who won?
Neither.
It ended in a drawer."
"I was feeling mopey until I remembered I had a degree in English...
Now I'm feeling forlorn."
"Just a warning: when you buy a watch online, if it says you can swim with it...
This only applies if you can already swim without it."
"Doctors tell us that there are 70,000,000 overweight people in the US.
These are, of course, just round figures."
"What do you call a line of men outside a shop waiting to have a haircut and shave?
A barber queue."
"What's the difference between a sniper with bad vision and a constipated owl?
One shoots but can't hit. The other hoots but can't... quit."
"Man walks into a shop.

Man: I need hair replacement.

Salesman: I don't have any hares, but I got a nice line of rabbits.

Man: Oh, is that not a bit dear, and is it fur-ily robust?

Salesman: Oh no, you wouldn't have to burrow for it. And it comes with a full warren too."
"Why did the ghost go into the bar?

For the boos."
"Why did Superman flush the toilet?

Because it was his duty."
"There are two fish in a tank. One turns to the other and says, 'You man the guns, I'll drive.'"
"Some good news for insomniacs.

It's only five sleeps till Christmas!"
"Asked to repair a shorted radio from the dumpster, the electrician refused to refuse trash."
My neighbor really annoyed me yesterday by playing the same Lionel Richie song over and over again. It was all night long.
"Had a bad experience while fishing yesterday...
Got entangled in my line...
Been reeling from it ever since."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"The day I found my first gray hairs, I thought I'd dye!"
"What's an optimistic vampire's favorite drink?
B-positive."
"Lost another audiobook.
I'll never hear the end of it."
"To the guy who stole my antidepressants...
I hope you're happy now."
"I had to break up with my girlfriend after she lost her feet in an accident...
I'm lack-toes intolerant."
"Why do bees stay in their hive in the winter?
Swarm!"
"There are 2 kinds of people: Those that can extrapolate from incomplete data."
"Want my opinion on Mongolia?
It has its pros and Khans."
"Wife: I have to tell you something, I'm pregnant.
Husband: Hi pregnant, I'm dad.
Wife: No you're not."
"Did you know 'emas eht yltcaxe' is exactly the same backwards?
[Note: This joke doesn't work; here's a replacement:]
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut?
He just needed a little space."
"I have a fart joke but it stinks so I guess I have to…
let it rip!"
"My brother plays football for a team called the Musketeers. They started the season well...with three wins and a draw... all 4-1 and one 4-all."
"Which is heavier: a liter of water or a liter of butane?

The water.

No matter how much you have, butane will always be a lighter fluid."
"It wasn't me that made my flowers grow, it was the morning mist; I have to give credit where credit is dew."
"Never adopt two dachshunds.

That's a pair-o-doxie-cal!"
"I periodically make bad science puns... but only on the 'periodic' table."
"I have a very good feeling about my job interview today...

The manager said they were looking for somebody responsible.

'You've found your man,' I responded. 'Whenever there was a problem in my last job, they always said that I was responsible!'"
"Had a power surge in the house that blew every lightbulb I had...

I was de-lighted..."
"The man who invented Velcro died. RIP."
"I predict that the phrase 'dropping someone off' will go out of use once flying cars are mainstream. Because who wants to drop someone from that height?"
"I was driving to the airport to catch my flight when I saw a sign that said 'Airport Left.' So I turned around and went home."
"My laziness is like the number 8.
Once it lies down, it becomes infinite."
"My New Year’s resolution is to tell you a gazillion times how much I caribou you!"
"What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!"
"What’s it like living in North Korea? Can’t complain."
"What kind of museum would you create?
A pun-derful one!"
"Apparently, our local police station has had its toilet stolen.
Police have nothing to go on."
"I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants, but he’s still making fun of me."
"I had a dream that I was a muffler last night.
I woke up exhausted!"
"Have you ever heard the story of the blind carpenter? He picked up his hammer and saw."
"Once my dog ate all the Scrabble tiles. For days he kept leaving little messages around the house."
"My wife caught me standing on the bathroom scale, sucking in my stomach.

'Ha! That's not going to help,' she said.

'Sure it does,' I replied. 'It's the only way I can see the numbers!'"
"My little son asked me where you find giant snails.

'Easy,' I said, 'on giant's fingers.'"
"I got pulled over by the cops and asked if I had a police record.

I said, 'No, but I've got a Sting album.'"
"Google is so dangerous! I searched how to become an arsonist...

And immediately received 50,000 matches!"
"My wife thinks I don't give her enough privacy.

At least that's what she said in her diary."
"Due to panic buying...

Walmart...

has had to open a second register..."
"Why didn't the orange win the race?

It ran out of juice."
"They all laughed when I told them that one day I would discover the secrets of invisibility.

If only they could see me now."
"I just got back from Dubai where I was offered 40 camels for my wife. I usually only smoke Marlboro, but hey...a deal's a deal."
"Four fonts walk into a bar.

The barman says, 'We don't want your TYPE in here.'"
"Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?"
"I recently switched all the labels on my wife's spice rack. She hasn't realized it yet, but the thyme is cumin."
I used to date a girl with a lazy eye. Seems she was seeing someone else the whole time.
"I have a pun about carpentry, but I'm not sure if it woodwork..."
"What do you call an underwater dog? A subwoofer."
"What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil."
"Have you heard of the blind cyclops brothers? Neither have eye."
"My vacuum cleaner won't turn off... That sucks."
"If you write Wright, Rite, you are not right right right."
Did you know on the Canary Islands there is not one canary? Same with the Virgin Isles—not one canary there either.
"I got in trouble at the local park for lining all the squirrels up in order of height.

They didn't like me critter sizing."
"Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar... You can't tell me that's just a coincidence."
"I tried calling the tinnitus hotline, but there was no answer. It just kept on ringing."
"If there are ten cows in a field, which one is closest to Saudi Arabia?

Cow eight."
"What did the blanket say as it fell off the bed?

Oh sheet."
"Without geometry, life is pointless."
"My dad's advice some years ago:

If you get into a fight in the bar, put a pool ball in your sock.

Worst advice ever—I could hardly walk!"
"Dropping a sewing needle is like a cross between Where's Waldo and The Floor is Lava, except if you don't find Waldo, he's gonna stab you!"
"I have twin sons and now regret I didn't name them Rules and Regulations, or Hit and Run, or Law and Order, or..."
"Went to see The Joker last night, and some guy dressed in a full clown outfit held the door open for me into the theater.

I thought that was a nice jester."
"My best friend's wedding was so beautiful... even the cake was in tiers!"
"I used to be a limousine driver, but I was fired after 10 years and I have... nothing to chauffeur it."
What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones!
"'Welcome back, everybody' is apparently not a good way to start a speech... if you're the best man at your friend's second wedding."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"What do you call 2000 mockingbirds? 2 kilomockingbirds!"
"What happened to the drunk circumciser? He got the sack."
"What weighs less than blue? Light blue."
"Whoever lost their iPhone outside the bar, please stop ringing my new phone."
Why did the dinosaur newspaper shut down? Ratings were killed off by social meteor.
"My little brother had a disease that required him to eat dirt three times a day to survive.

It's a good thing I told him about it."
"My family treats me like a god. They ignore my existence unless they need something."
"What do priests say to get rid of insects in the church? Let us spray."
"How do Amish girls know if it's a romantic candlelit dinner or just regular dinner?

They don't; it's always a surprise!"
"I asked the librarian if the library had any books about paranoia.

She whispered, 'They're behind you...'"
"Apparently, some species of birds can learn to talk??"
"To stay in shape, my grandma started walking five miles a day when she was 60.

She's 97 today, and we don't know where she is."
"Did you hear about the bread factory burning down?

They say the business is toast."
"I killed a chicken last week. Now I'm being haunted by a poultrygeist."
"I have a geology joke, but it's sedimentary. You'll only get it if you're stoned."
What is the most ironic name for a vegan? Hunter.
"Imaginary colors?

Pigments of your imagination!"
"Went to the shop earlier to buy 6 cans of Sprite.
Only when I got home did I realize I'd picked 7up."
"When my friend bought a new blindfold, she said she can't see herself wearing it..."
"As a funeral director, I tie the shoelaces together of the deceased.
Because if there was ever a zombie apocalypse, it would be hilarious."
"Do you struggle to keep your eyes open after using your iPad?
There's a nap for that."
"I needed a password eight characters long. So I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs."
"I decided to start a band called '1023MB'.
We haven't got a gig yet."
"If a mother gives birth on the stairs...
Is it her stepchild?"
"I recently took up meditation. It's better than sitting around doing nothing."
"Here's the thing about cliffhangers..."
"My wife and I vote on everything. You would be amazed at the number of decisions I lose by a vote of 1 to 1."
"What is a physicist's favorite food? Fission chips."
"You know what's really odd? Numbers not divisible by 2."
"My wife left me because of my obsession with walkie-talkies, saying, 'It's over.' I replied, 'It's what? Over.'"
My doctor wrote me a prescription for daily sex... But my wife insists it meant dyslexia.
I was born to be a pessimist. My blood type is B Negative.
"Pretty much everything is hackable...

--A clever hacker"
"This morning on the way to work, I wasn’t really paying attention and drove into the back of a car at some traffic lights. The driver got out, and it turned out he was a little person. He said, 'I'm not happy.' I said, 'Well, which one are you then?'"
"Me: I'm terrified of random letters.
Therapist: You are?
Me: (Screams)
Therapist: I see.
Me: (Scream intensifies)"
"I want to tell a joke about bowling, but I don't have the balls to do it!"
"Got knocked off my bike by a salt truck this morning...

'YOU IDIOT!' I shouted through gritted teeth..."
"A few years ago, I invented beach footwear for people with one leg.

It was a flop."
"I love anagrams;

If you rearrange the letters of 'A Postal Carrier,' they get annoyed."
"I have a disc-jockey joke... off the record..."
"I knew a gal who dated an electrician, but it didn't last.

She said there was no spark."
"To the two criminals that stole my calendar: I hope you both get six months."
"If I had to rank you from 1 to 10 on your ability to pee... I would say urinate."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"What do you call a bunny in a kilt? A Hopscotch!"
"I'm told every Amish community has a plainclothes policeman."
"What can be ridden by both men and women?
A bi-cycle."
"Elon Musk announces an odd location for a new Tesla factory in the country of... Mad-at-gas-car."
"Daughter: Dad, are you smart?
Me: Yes.
Daughter: Spell it.
Me: S-M-A-R-T
Daughter: You said you're smart but you can't even spell it."
"My girlfriend left me saying I am too insecure... No, wait, she's back! She only went to make a cup of tea."
"I am addicted to brake fluid.
But I can stop when I want."
"I grew up in a rough area. As a child, people would cover me in chocolate, cream, and put a cherry on my head... It was tough in the Gateau."
"Boss: You've been late three days this week. Do you know what that means?
Me: It's Wednesday."
"Just got sacked from my job as a dishwasher.
I kept putting the plates and bowls in the wrong order.
The boss reckons I am dishlexic."
"The holidays wouldn't be the same without turkeys, a cold shoulder, mixed nuts, and fruitcakes.
But enough about my relatives."
"I wonder if Hitler tied his shoestrings in knotsies..."
"I went to the drive-thru and asked for a jumbo sausage.

The guy said, 'It won't be long.'

I said, 'It better be!'"
"My boss messaged me, 'Send me one of your funny jokes.'

I replied, 'I'm working at the moment, I will send you one later.'

He replied, 'That was fantastic, send me another one!'"
"A small herd of cows started a metal band...

They named it: Shredded Beef."
"The only time 'incorrectly' isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly."
"An adult in bed will remain in bed until acted upon by a large enough responsibility.

-Newton's 4th Law"
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"My wife hates when I make jokes about her weight.

She needs to lighten up."
"I don't get all the excitement surrounding Nintendo's new product announcement...

My house is full of light switches!"
"Life is too short to not have fun in it. Worry won't help—no one gets out alive!"
"Did you know that you can tell the gender of an ant by throwing it in water?

If it sinks = girl ant.
If it floats = buoyant."
"When I get a headache, I take two aspirin and keep away from children, just like the bottle says."
"Do you know what Sin City is?

Okay, well, do you know what Den City is?

Mass over volume..."
"What's Peter Pan's favorite restaurant? Wendy's..."
"Why is honey good for you? It's full of Bee vitamins."
"I never understood why people dislike vegans so much.

I have never had a beef with them."
"I dropped the toothpaste, Tom said, Crestfallen."
"I should have been sad when my flashlight batteries died, but I was delighted..."
"What do you say to a British person who has just injured himself?

UK?"
"Why do trees in smoggy cities have a hard time in school?

Too much carbon paper!"
"How do you spell Canada?

C, eh? N, eh? D, eh?"
"Her: Why don't you write a book instead of your silly wordplay jokes?
Me: That's a... novel idea!"
"Why is it called a dad-bod and not a father-figure?"
"What do you call religious baked bread?
Prayertzel."
"Why did the farmer buy loads of chicks?
They were all going cheap."
"The internet connection at my farm was really sketchy, so I moved the modem to the barn.
Now I have stable WiFi."
"I've just injected steroids into my arm.
Anabolic? No, just my arm."
"Did you see my chiropractor joke?
I posted it about a weak back..."
"Know what the best thing is about elevator jokes?
They work on so many levels!"
"Lazy People Fact #562728943
You were too lazy to read that number."
"A fork will appear in the road that will lead you to your journey's end. Till then... may the fork be with you."
"Don't accept friend requests from Taco Bell. They're nacho friend."
"Grumpy got put in prison and escaped by climbing down the outside wall.

Okay, so it was a little con descending..."
"What state do the piglets of royal bloodlines live in?

New Ham-shire."
"It's important to know when to stop arguing with people and simply let them be wrong."
"Anton, do you think I'm a bad mother?

My name is Paul!"
"According to ancient Japanese lore, the color of a person's aura changes right before they die. Cyan-aura."
My wife and I had an argument about which vowel is the most useful. I won.
"Ladder rungs have gotten 5% more distant as the population got taller.

Another example of climate change..."
"Why doesn't Santa smoke?

It's bad for his elf."
"Took the shell off my racing snail this weekend.
Thought it might speed him up.
If anything, it made him more sluggish."
"Seven days without a pun makes one weak."
"What's the fastest liquid on Earth? Milk. It's pasteurised before you can see it."
"I have a legitimate fear of giants.
It's a Feefiphobia."
"I just saw a real idiot at the gym. He put a water bottle in the Pringles holder on the treadmill."
"What is it called when two flowers have an unplanned pregnancy? An oopsie-daisy."
"I just ate a frozen apple. Hardcore."
"What do you call a group of men waiting for a haircut? A barbercue."
"A sperm donor, a carpenter, and Julius Caesar walked into a bar.
He came, he saw, he conquered."
"Just had some people at my door trying to convince me that brown bread was better than white bread.
They were Hovis witnesses."
"I buy all my guns from a guy called T-Rex.

He's a small arms dealer."
"Just read a joke about Oedipus and Midas...

It was motherfreaking gold!"
"I finally watched Doctor Who.

It was about time."
"I'll give you a math joke.

You can count on that."
"What is the difference between stabbing a man and killing a hog?

One is assaulting with intent to kill; the other is killing with intent to salt."
"Manager: Why would you make a good waiter at my restaurant?

Me: I bring a lot to the table."
"Why don't aliens visit Earth?

They read the reviews—only one star!"
"It takes guts to be an organ donor."
"I lost an electron.

I'm positive.

Better keep an ion that."
"We're so broke my wife sold one of her kidneys to pay for the kids' school uniform.

If things get any worse, I'll have to cancel cable TV."
"When life hands you lemons... come to my house; life usually hands me tequila."
"Anyone want to swap some bum jokes? I've got a few backed up."
"What exactly is an acorn? Well, in a nutshell, it's an oak tree."
"I've forgotten all my boomerang jokes, but I'm sure they'll come back to me."
"Why did the rapper get gold teeth? He wanted to put his money where his mouth is."
"Daffynitions:
Flatulence (N):
Emergency vehicle that picks you up after you are run over by a steamroller."
"I have a programmer joke, but it failed to compile."
A man was caught stealing from a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of two vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
I knew I shouldn't have eaten that seafood because now I'm feeling a little... eel.
"My friend had a phobia about the Berlin Wall, but in 1989 he finally got over it."
"Astronaut 1: I can't find any milk for my coffee.

Astronaut 2: In space, no one can. Here, use cream.
(Now say it out loud)"
"I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet?

I asked my 18 brothers and sisters, and they don't know either."
"Why can't we use thoughts and prayers to protect our borders?

It's what we use to protect our schools."
"Unfortunately, Superman won't be able to fight Dracula this evening...

He won't go near the crypt tonight."
"Did you know Richard Nixon is the first president whose formal portrait was painted by a police sketch artist?

--Johnny Carson (updated)"
"I went to the bookstore and asked if they had any books on turtles.
'Hardback?'
'Yes, with little legs.'"
"My wife hates it when I put her chocolate bars in other chocolate bar wrappers.

It gets her Snickers in a Twix."
"Who is the coolest doctor in the hospital?

The hip consultant."
"Why did the mathematician look upset?

Because he couldn't stop the negative thoughts."
"I have a joke about the Canadian government, but it's Trudeau."
Why did the Trump supporter press Ctrl + Alt + Delete? She wanted to see the task manager.
"What do you call a dog with no legs? You can call him whatever you like, he's never going to come."
"On Sunday I saw my dentist.
I should have gone to church,
Because the guy insisted
On doing a cavity search."
"The human body is composed of Sodium (Na), Carbon (C), Hydrogen (H), and Oxygen (O).
You are NaCHO!"
"Tampax has announced that they will be replacing their traditional tampon string with tinsel.
This will be for the Christmas period only."
"What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday?
Aye matey."
"I always keep an empty milk bottle in the fridge just in case anyone has black coffee."
"What is the difference between a tube and a foolish Dutchman? One is a hollow cylinder, and the other a silly Hollander."
"If you're looking for a cheeky Halloween costume...
Dress as a politician, they barely cover anything important."
"My sword doesn't weigh much. It's my light saber."
"My wife: Why don't you stop telling terrible Dad jokes and write a book instead?
Me: That's... a novel idea."
"Rejected International sports team names:

Brussels Sprouts

Cannes Openers

Amsterdam Yankees

Czech Bouncers

New Deli Catessans

Buenos Airheads

Seoul Brothers

Taipei Personalities

Syria Killers

Hungary Jacks

Doublin Mint Twins

Prague Tologists

Peking Toms"
"I asked a gardener which herbs were snitches...
He said only thyme would tell."
"What did the Atlantic Ocean say to the Pacific Ocean?
They just waved..."
"Want to hear a construction joke?
I'm working on it."
"I just got a new job at a prison library. It has its prose and cons."
"Sticks float.
Of course, they wood..."
"My wife didn't take my name when we got married.
She thought it would be confusing if we were both called Doc."
"I know four guys that all play tubas.
They have a band called...
The Tuba Fours."
"Imagine being naked in a room full of people who speak a different language and everyone wants to touch you!
This is the life of a dog."
"Something about today...

makes me want to be hungover tomorrow."
"A vegan said to me people who sell meat are disgusting.

I said people who sell fruit and vegetables? They're grocer..."
"I hate conspiracy theories and actually think there's a group of people creating them just to annoy me."
"Nike operates on a shoestring budget."
"What's a foot long and slippery?

A slipper."
"What are a chocolate bar's preferred gender pronouns? Her/she."
"What do you call James Bond in a jacuzzi? Bubble-0 Seven."
"Some trees look scary, but they're all bark and no bite."
"I went to the zoo the other day, and there was only one dog in it.

It was a Shih Tzu."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!"
"Why didn't 4 ask out 5?
Because he was 2 shy."
"Notice how people are so offended by 'Baby It's Cold Outside' but not at all by 'The Nutcracker'?"
"You all lied!
Scotch tape...
does NOT taste like scotch."
"I think I'm failing my marine biology class.
My grade is below C level."
"How many apples grow on a tree?
All of them."
"What happened to the overconfident lion tamer?
He was consumed by his own pride."
"I doubt vodka is the answer.
It's worth a shot though."
"If Hormel Foods follows you, it's probably spam."
"Can I yell 'movie' in a crowded firehouse?
(Good luck with that one!)"
"Some guy just assaulted me with milk, cream, and butter.
How dairy!"
"What do you call a ghost's boobies?

Paranormal entities."
"Why don't attractive Spanish people use umbrellas?

Because the rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain."
"I'm giving my chimney away for free...

You could say it's on the house."
"I saw a man with one arm shopping at a second-hand store.

I don't think he's going to find what he's looking for..."
"My wife and my family are leaving me because of my obsession with watching horse racing on TV.

And they're off!"
"I taught my four-year-old son how to use the word abundance in a sentence.

He said: Thanks, Dad, that really means a lot!"
"At a job interview, I filled my glass of water until it overflowed a little.

'Nervous?' asked the interviewer.

'No, I always give 110%.'"
"At a restaurant with food still on my plate:
Server: 'You wanna box for that?'
Me: 'It's not worth fighting over!'"
"When my wife went into labor, I was going to tell her dad jokes to try to relax her...

...but I was worried about the delivery."
"My friend is the biggest Beatles fan in the world.

He's got every single they made except one.

I think he needs Help."
"What do police officers do when there's a fly annoying everyone at the station?

Call the SWAT team."
"How much does it cost to buy a large singing group?

A choir?

Ok, fine. How much does it cost to acquire a large singing group."
"A duck walks into a bar...

'Got any bread?'
'No.'
'Got any bread?'
'No.'
'Got any bread?'
'No... and if you ask me again I'll nail your beak to the bar.'
'Got any nails?'
'No.'
'Got any bread?'"
"I put my phone under my pillow last night.

When I woke up it was gone, and there was a coin in its place.

Darn Bluetooth fairy!"
"What happens when a lighter uses up all its fluid?

It is now the lightest."
"Did you hear about the semicolon that broke the law?

He was given two consecutive sentences."
"Just burned 2,000 calories.

That's the last time I leave brownies in the oven while I nap."
"I told my psychiatrist I felt like a dog.

He told me to get off the couch."
"I got pulled over by the cops last night.

When he asked me if I knew why he pulled me over, I said, 'Because real criminals are too hard to catch.'
I laughed, he didn't...
I need bail money."
"I tried to get into a very trendy London nightclub last Saturday.

The doorman said to me, 'Sorry, buddy, you've had too many.'
I said, 'What, drinks?'
He said, 'No, birthdays!'"
"My friend has designed an invisible airplane. I can't see it taking off."
"I just got hit by a rented car...

It Hertz..."
"Which weighs more, a gallon of water or a gallon of butane? A gallon of water. Butane is a lighter fluid."
"Daffynitions:
Abdicate (V):
To give up all hope of ever having a flat stomach."
"Did you know vampires aren't real?

Unless you Count Dracula."
"Socrates didn't do so well with the Hemlock Maneuver."
"I'm super friendly with 25 letters of the alphabet.

I just don't know why."
"What do dentists call X-rays?

Tooth Pics!"
"Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!"
"I got fired from my lawn maintenance job. I was just not cutting it."
"So what if I can't spell Armageddon?

It's not the end of the world."
"What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad."
"My son was playing computer games again, so I said:

'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace.'

He thought for a moment and said:

'When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was the President of the United States.'

That's when I told him he was adopted."
"When I heard they had found a cure for dyslexia, it was like music to my ears."
"I got over my addiction to chocolate, nuts, and marshmallows. I won't lie...

It was a Rocky Road..."
"I've decided to put up a marquee in my garden with some funky music and flashing lights. My wife said now is the winter of my disco tent."
"I spent 10 minutes trying to remember what the opposite of night was. In the end, I had to call it a day..."
"Me: A cannibal once took my sister to see a Russell Crowe movie.

Friend: Gladiator?

Me: No, I really miss her."
"Took my goldfish to the drive-thru and asked, 'Do you sell fish cakes?'

'Yes,' they replied.

Great, because it's his birthday."
"My wife had a headache, so I thought I'd distract her with the story of the two Italian wheat farmers who would fight over their crops, shouting, 'That's a my grain!' Her headache got worse!"
Gravity's one of the most fundamental forces in the universe. What do you get when you remove it? Gravy.
"What do you call a ghost who haunts small hotels?

An inn specter!"
"Two drunk guys were about to get into a fight.

One draws a line in the dirt and says, 'If you cross this line, I'll hit you in the face.'

That was the punchline."
"To the person who stole my glasses: I can still drink from the bottle."
"I struggle with Roman Numerals until I get to 159. Then it's just CLIX."
"Is Google a man or a woman? Woman, because she doesn't let you finish your sentence without making a suggestion."
"I heard a farmer saying he bought a bull to service his cows.

Now I understand why they call it customer service..."
"My grandpa just walked into my room with a young guy wearing skinny jeans and eating avocado toast. I asked, 'Who is the guy?' Grandpa said, 'This is my hip replacement.'"
"Friday night and I'm about to hit the gym!

Sorry, typo, I meant gin."
"Prostate exams have the distinction of being the first to use digital technology."
"As a dentist, I only get paid for each prosthetic implant I complete... Nothing dentured, nothing gained."
"Did you hear about the piece of fruit that left its wallet at a George Michael concert in Zurich?

It was a Careless Swiss Pear."
"My girlfriend's cellphone service is terrible! Eight days ago she said, 'We're breaking up,' and the call ended.

It's gone straight to voicemail ever since."
"Most people would prefer to have the time off between Christmas and New Year, but I have a better idea. I'd like to have the time off between New Year and Christmas."
"I asked the nurse if I could do my own stitches...

She said: Suture self."
"What's the worst vegetable to bring on a boat?

A leek."
"What did sushi A say to sushi B when they met? Wasabi."
"My wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my fort immediately."
"How's the diet going?' I asked my friend.

'Not good,' he sighed, 'I had 5 eggs for breakfast this morning.'

'Oh dear, fried?'

'No, Cadbury's."
"*In the park*
Stranger: Your dog is kind of unusual looking.
Me: Haha, yeah, he's interbred.
Duck: *waddles up* I'll tell you who else is into bread."
"My friend gets really upset when I call him a flat-Earther. He says the correct term is bulldozer operator."
"Dad: What are the lion and witch doing in your wardrobe?

Son: It's Narnia business."
"Sorry boss, I won't be coming in today for the big meeting, I told my manager. Why's that? he asked. Yes, very wise. I said."
"My wife is leaving me because I'm going bald.

I'm not bothered; it's hair loss."
"Tacos...

That is all... enjoy your night."
"Thieves have muscles of steal."
"Went jogging and came back after 2 minutes because I forgot something.

Forgot I'm out of shape and can only jog for 2 minutes."
"Yesterday I got hit over the head with a power tool. I was sitting quietly minding my own business and then suddenly... Bosch."
"Good Morning!

(I see my assassins have failed...)"
"Sorry I haven't been responding lately. I am on the mend. I got locked out of my house and had to squeeze through a small window, and now I have a really big pane in my butt."
"Pink Panthers to-do list:

To do
To do
To do, to do, to do
To do, to doooo"
"I have a philosophy joke — if I think it's funny, therefore it is."
The Spanish word for cat should be purrito.
"A platypus walks into a bar owned by a duck.

He finishes his drink and asks for his check.

Duck billed platypus."
"Last night after a few beers, my friend asked if he could stay on my sofa.

I had to explain to him that I'm married now, so that's where I sleep."
"I grew facial hair without telling anyone. It's my secret 'stache."
"Scared the mailman today by coming to the door naked.

Not sure if he was more surprised by that or that I knew where he lived..."
"I went into an Apple store and farted. Everyone started glaring at me. I said, 'What? It's not my fault you don't have windows!'"
"What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament?

Live stream."
"If I got 50 cents for every math test I've failed,

I'd have about $9.20 by now."
"What is a Jehovah's Witness' favorite band?
The Doors."
"I asked the surgeon, 'Can I administer my own anesthetic?'
The surgeon said, 'Go ahead, knock yourself out.'"
"How do you tell the difference between a frog and a horny toad?
A frog says, 'Ribbit, ribbit,' and a horny toad says, 'Rub it, rub it.'"
"If you could live in any TV home, what would it be?
I'd choose the set of 'Friends'—it's rent-controlled!"
"I wish Medusa would stop objectifying people...
It's not polite to keep turning heads like that!"
"Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar...
Followed by Batman."
"Why did the pencil get flushed down the toilet?
It was a #2!"
"What happens when your hotdogs get cold?
You get chili dogs."
"Isn't it amazing how dyslexic people can read this line without any issue? Absolutely mind-boggling!"
"ME: Doc, I think I might have ADHD because I can't remember where I parked my Ford!
Doctor: That's not how ADHD works.
ME: But I keep losing my Focus!"
"My secret to life, I'll share with you:

Sincerity is truly a blessing. If you can fake that, you've got it made."
"A dog that belonged to Jerome
Just wandered away from his home
There's no complication
Because the Dalmatian
Was spotted two blocks from his home."
"If a lawyer goes to bars at night, gets drunk, and gets into fights with people...

Should he be disbarred?"
"People say I'm condescending.

That means I talk down to people."
"I have a seismology joke that cracks 'em up:

Why did the tectonic plate break up with the other plate?
It found a fault!"
"An Englishman, a German, a Frenchman, and an Italian are standing at the side of a street watching a street performer. The street performer notices they all have poor eyesight, so he asks them if they can see him. They reply: Yes, Oui, Si, Ja."
"The inventor of the throat lozenge has died.

There will be no coffin at his funeral."
"A man was admitted to the emergency ward with six plastic horses stuck up his rear.

Doctors have described his condition as stable."
"I went to donate blood today, but there were too many questions.
'Whose blood is this?'
'Where did you get it?'"
"The pessimist sees a tunnel. The optimist sees a light at the end of the tunnel. The realist sees a train... The train engineer sees three idiots on the railway track."
"I thought I won the argument with my wife as to how to arrange the dining room furniture...

But when I got home, the tables were turned."
"I gave my daughter a watch for her birthday.

She thought it was so cool, and when she showed it to the next-door neighbor, he asked, 'That's a pretty watch you've got there! Does it tell you the time?'

She laughed: 'No, this is an old-fashioned watch. You have to look at it!'"
"I have a nepotism joke but I'll only tell it to my kids."
"Noelle is a weird name,
mostly because there's 2 of them right towards the end..."
"This weekend, Bangkok hosts its national marathon!
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
No matter who comes in first, it will be a Thai."
"I was in my garden and saw 10 ants running frantically...

So I made them a little house out of cardboard.

I guess that makes me their landlord and them...my tenants."
"I was asked to leave Denny's after asking if the farmer's omelet contained real farmers..."
"My girlfriend left a note on my fridge this morning saying this isn't working, bye.

I opened it up, and it was working fine, so I'll just wait till she's home to ask her what she meant."
"Just managed to burn 2000 calories in 30 minutes!

The pizza's ruined."
"How much dirt is in a hole that's 2 ft deep, 3 ft wide, and 4 ft across?

None, otherwise it wouldn't be a hole!"
"I just had my photo taken with REM.
That's me in the corner."
"I can cut down a tree just by looking at it...
It's TRUE!
I saw it with my own eyes!"
"Dad, are we pyromaniacs?
Yes, we arson!"
"I have a nutrition joke, but it's hard to digest."
"Have you met Bruce Lee's vegan brother?
Broco Lee."
"I started working in a cannabis company,
but I think I'll have to quit because the company expectations are too HIGH."
"Marry a zombie.
They always make you dinner."
"A cantaloupe farmer named John is offering a course on fruit farming for older single ladies.
John's Cougar Melon Camp"
"What happens if a cow drinks her own milk?
It comes in at one end and out of the udder."
"What sort of Dinosaur do you see with Christmas decorations placed all over it?
A Tree-Rex."
"What do you get when you cross a police dog and a skunk?
Law and Odor."
"A lamb, a drum, and a snake fell off a cliff.
Baa, dum, sss."
"Ever wonder if Kevin Bacon ever considered naming a son Chris P. Bacon?"
"Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other, 'Does this taste funny to you?'"
I've dedicated my whole life to finding a cure for insomnia. I won't rest until I find it.
"Restaurant toilets are dangerous!
So many of my dates have gone to use them and vanished!"
"It's sad when people can't admit their faults. I would if I had any..."
"Might wake up early and go for a jog.
Might also win the lottery... odds are about the same."
"Just ordered a new banjo from Amazon Prime.
They do next-day deliverance."
"Hearing reports that Sting has been kidnapped.
The police haven't got a lead."
"A guy dropped his Scrabble game on the street. Letters everywhere!
Now we're both trying to find out what the word on the street is."
"What happens when a plane misbehaves?
It gets grounded."
"Just read an article about the dangers of drinking and what it does to your body.
So that's it...
After today, no more reading."
"Video games are great, they let you try your craziest fantasies.
For example, on The Sims, you can have a job and own your own house."
"Before my surgery, my anesthetist offered to knock me out with gas or a boat paddle.
It was an ether/oar situation."
"I opened a shop selling used artificial limbs. I called it the second-hand second-hand store."
"A guy shows up late for work. The boss yells, 'You should've been here at 8:30!' He replies, 'Why? What happened at 8:30?'"
"I shot a man with a paintball gun
just to watch him dye."
"What do you call a flirty philosopher?
A socra-tease..."
"In a knot contest, is the score always tied?"
"What do you call a search and rescue dog?
A retriever..."
"I'm not sure what shocked the postman more.
The fact that I came to the door completely naked or the fact that I knew where he lived."
"Why shouldn't you shake hands with Tigger?
Because he plays with Pooh."
"Why don't ghosts like rain?
It dampens their spirits!"
"Did a little mechanic work today.
Put a rear end in a recliner!"