"As Reynoldo lit the votive candle at the grotto for San Jose de los Platanos and prayed for the healthy delivery of his first child, he heard a disembodied voice say, 'Your daughter will be 17 inches long,' to which Reynoldo replied,
'Do you know the weight too, San Jose?'"
"Why don't skeletons fight each other?

They don't have the guts."
"Where does an angry sailor go? Anchor management."
"My tailor really likes fixing my clothes. Or sew it seams."
"How does the Easter Bunny travel?

By hare plane!"
"I have an accounting joke but it doesn't make any cents."
"Which branch of the United States military is the most patriotic? The Air Force. They're US AF."
"It annoys me how unrealistic films are.

There are 8 Fast and the Furious movies, and not once have they stopped for gas."
"I was walking home last night, and someone threw a block of cheese out the window and it hit me on the head... I shouted: That wasn't very mature."
"What did the road say to the car? 'Don't look now, but I think we're being followed!'"
"Did you hear about the dog that was also a magician?

It was a Labracadabrador."
"When does a medieval soldier sleep? Knighttime!"
"My Uber driver said to me today, 'I love my job. I'm my own boss. No one tells me what to do.'

Then I told him to make a left turn."
"Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account?

They were prime-mates."
"I have a contact lens problem. I have no contact lens solution."
"My mom walked into my room and said...

'You'll go blind if you do that.'

I was so embarrassed, I dropped my binoculars and missed the eclipse."
"Ever hear of the Christmas Alphabet?

It has No L..."
"I find whiteboards interesting. They're quite remarkable."
"A police officer says to a couple, 'I'm sorry to tell you this, but your son set the school on fire.'

They ask, 'Arson?'

The officer replies, 'Yes, your son!'"
"A tourist on the London Underground asked, 'Could you tell me how to get to the airport via Barking?'

So I pointed at a map and woofed."
"Rednecks in a kayak were cold, so they lit a fire. Unsurprisingly, it sank, proving once again you can't have your kayak and heat it too."
"My friend Dave was renowned for thinking outside the box.

Great guy...

Terrible goalkeeper."
"Just burnt my Hawaiian pizza...
Guess I should have put it on aloha temperature."
"A man in a wheelchair just stole my camouflage jacket. I hope he knows that he can hide but he can't run."
"My friend said he didn't understand what cloning was. I said that makes two of us."
"I gave my date a bottle of tonic water.
Schwepped her off her feet."
"When I was a kid, my parents would always say 'Excuse my French' just after a swear word.
I'll never forget that first day at school when my teacher asked if any of us knew any French."
"I met a comedian who makes blankets from yarn.
He's a real knitwit."
"A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night.
Oof."
"Animal welfare said I can't keep my pet dolphin in the bath.
Apparently, it's not fit for porpoise."
"My pet chameleon can't change its color.
It has a reptile dysfunction."
"If you aren't someone the church would have persecuted 400 years ago, are you even living?"
"My teacher said I'm pretty good at addition, but I'm terrible at subtraction.

I don't get the difference."
"My keyboard is missing some keys, but I can't put my finger on which ones."
"I lost 20% of my couch.

Just...Ouch..."
"In college, I was so broke I couldn't afford the electricity bill.

Those were the darkest days of my life."
"There are straight laws...

...and there are bylaws."
"Approverypriate.

Sorry...

That was very inappropriate."
"I just finished interviewing a young man for a job at my workplace.

I asked him, 'Can you perform under pressure?'

He replied, 'I'm not sure, but I do an amazing Bohemian Rhapsody!'"
"Forrest Gump's password is: 1forrest1"
"Me: Waitress, can I ask you something about the menu, please?

Waitress (slaps me): That's none of your business!"
"Quote of the day:
Children are like tattoos. Having both are big life decisions. Both can sometimes be the result of one very drunk night. And while both are permanent, they can be removed with a powerful laser."
"Have you heard about that new Elbow tribute band called Rear End?

They're so good you can't tell them apart."
"I used to be addicted to soap. But now I'm clean."
"A cannibal is just someone that's fed up with people..."
"I identify as a microwave dinner,

because I'm ready in 5 minutes,

look nothing like my photos,

and I'm just satisfying enough for you to want me again

when you're desperate..."
"I know a man who can chop down trees in his sleep.

He's a slumberjack."
"How do you make a fruit farmer scream?

You pinch his plums."
"Went swimming earlier, I had a wee in the deep end.

The lifeguard blew his whistle so loud I nearly fell in!"
"Dad: I can't believe you got me a house for my birthday!

Son: I hope you enjoy it. What are your plans?

Dad: I think I'll just live in the present."
"My wife called me childish today while we were shopping! I couldn't believe it... I nearly fell out of the cart!"
"Why does the Danish navy have barcodes on the side of their ships? So when they dock, they can Scandinavian."
How do you stop a dog from barking in the back of a car? Put him in the front.
I've found that Titanic jokes make great icebreakers.
What vegetable do plumbers hate? Leeks.
What do you call a knight who is afraid to fight? Sir Render.
Where do sharks go on vacation? Finland.
My neighbor just introduced his wife to me as his better half. I returned the courtesy by introducing my wife as the lesser of two evils.
"I used to dread walking under horse chestnut trees in the fall, but after therapy... I've managed to conker it."
"I have an insurance joke, but there's no coverage for it."
If you're hoping my Christmas puns will be good... yule be disappointed...
I hear they're going to start using biodiesel made from herbs for trains... maybe ours will now run on thyme.
If you're 10% Polish... does that make you a tadpole?
"Wife: I need an anagram for Nuclear.
Me: That's unclear."
"The weatherman keeps saying we're going to get a dusting. I can't wait—I haven't dusted my house in YEARS!"
"My dad lost his job at the cemetery yesterday. He buried someone in the wrong plot. It was a grave mistake."
"If I could change one thing about myself, I'd probably pick a better punchline for this joke."
"Sometimes I wake up grumpy. But other times, I let her sleep in."
"If you could read my mind, you'd either be traumatized or turned on. Both if you're awesome."
"What does cheese say when it looks in the mirror?
Halloumi!"
"Any guitarists who want to know the secret to making their instrument sound better...
Stay tuned..."
"To everyone that received a book from me for Christmas, they're due back at the library next Monday."
"While most puns make me feel numb, math puns make me feel number."
"Mrs. Doc: What are you doing?

Me: (standing on one leg at the ATM) Checking my balance..."
"Marriage is like a card game.

At first, you have two Hearts and a Diamond, but at the end, you'll want a Club and a Spade."
"I just found out that the family next door had waffles for breakfast this morning.

.

.

.

.

I loved that cat."
"There's two kinds of people I hate... a drunk person when I'm sober

and a sober person when I'm drunk."
"What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before they got married?

Feyoncé."
"Why was the cannibal lion so humble? He swallowed his pride."
"I couldn't find my car scraper this morning, so I had to use a store discount card to scrape the ice. Didn't really work, though; only got 20% off."
Don’t accept a friend request from John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt; his name is my name too.
"Do you know what is the worst part about being an egg?

You get laid only once."
"If he was scared of going out on the wharf, but everyone was encouraging him, would it be safe to say he had... pier pressure?"
"I love the smell of my F5 key...

It's very refreshing."
"My wife screamed: 'You haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?' What a weird way to start a conversation!"
"If you leave alphabet soup on the stove and go out, it could spell disaster."
"Me: How does one think the unthinkable?

Mike Tyson: With an itheberg, obviouthly."
"The prisoner pleaded, 'I'm sorry I tried to escape!' The guard shrugged and sighed, 'I'm not mad, just disappointed.' Remember kids... never let your guard down."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"What is Gen Z's least favorite toy?

A BOOMERang."
"How many eyes does a Cyclops have?

None if you're spelling it correctly..."
"Why haven't aliens visited our solar system yet?

They looked at the reviews... Only 1 star."
"My wife says I have the body of a man half my age.

Which would be a nice compliment if I wasn't 22."
"Why does the sun not need to go to college? It already has 27 million degrees."
"Donald Trump is reportedly banning the sale of pre-shredded cheese.

It's all about making America grate again..."
"My wife says she's staying dry in April.

Fat chance with a hunk like me knocking around the house!"
"A ship carrying red paint collided with a ship carrying blue paint. Both crews ended up marooned."
"I’d tell you a joke about boldly going someplace, but no one's gone there before."
What do you call a man lying in front of a door? Mat.
"My wife told me, 'It's over,' and started to walk out on me. I just sat there. I love watching the end credits."
"How do you wash a pod of dolphins?

You use multi-porpoise cleaner."
"What happens when you're behind lettuce in a race and then pass lettuce? You're aHEAD of lettuce."
"Goals for 2022:

1: Get back the lean athletic body I had before the accident...

2: Stop calling getting fat and out of shape the accident."
"Safety meeting at work.

They asked me what steps I would take in the event of a fire?

Apparently, 'big ones' was not the right answer."
"What do you call it when you work overtime at McDonald's? A McDouble."
"How many bones are in a human hand? A handful."
"Why do cows have hooves? Because they lactose."
"I don't understand why some people use fractions instead of decimals. It's pointless."
"Why do astronomers put beef in their shampoo? For meatier showers."
"Student: Are 'well' and 'actually' both one-syllable words?

Teacher: Well, yes, but actually, no."
"I told my friend if I'm ever the voice of reason, we're in big trouble!"
What are Preparation A through Preparation G?
"The best way to make a baseball bat is to carve it by hand.

Using a machine is just lathe-y."
"Why do bees have sticky hair? They use honeycombs."
"Wrote a play about weather, we had 5 actors dressed as clouds for the rehearsal.

On opening night 6 clouds turned up...

It was overcast!"
"I have a mathematics joke but you can't count on it for a laugh."
"I wrote a joke on a piece of paper and put it on the wall at work...

I found out it was tearable..."
"I just booked a flight for Friday the 13th and the total came out to 666.02 and it's on Spirit Airlines. I can tell this is going to go super well."
"What do you call an explosive horse? Neigh-palm."
"Just asked Siri, 'Surely it's not going to rain today?' Siri replied, 'It is, and don't call me Shirley.'"
"I just made a table out of car tires...

it took me a good year to make!

Here's a replacement:

Why did the scarecrow win an award?

Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"Where did Big Foot get his name?
...
From his Paw."
"After I lost my job and couldn’t pay the light bill, the electricity was shut off.
I was powerless to stop it."
"I'm creating an app to find qualified electricians in your area. It's called wattsapp."
"What did the fungus say when he got caught in a tight space?
I don't have mushroom."
"French made easy:
It's Spanish but you speak it in cursive...
You have 11 letters, you pronounce 4 of them...
Italian with Spanish subtracted from it
Latin but with fashion
Gargling, but with air..."
"People who make excessive puns about shoes...
should put a sock in it."
"Just saw that there's a nudist convention in town next week...
Might go if I've got nothing on."
"How do you change a duck into a soul singer?
Stick it in the microwave until its bill withers."
"The doorbell rang and there was a little kid dressed as Gloria Gaynor.
At first I was afraid... Then I was petrified!"
"How do billboards communicate?
Sign language."
"I bought a new iPad the other day and I've called it The Titanic...

Now when I plug it into my laptop, it says, 'The Titanic is syncing.'"
"How do you cure hiccups?

Drink a glass of water upside down. If that doesn't work, just keep drinking water until you forget why you started."
"I walked into a health shop and said, 'I need something high in protein but vegan.' He said, 'Soya cubes,' and I said, 'Well, you shouldn't have been looking.'"
"Some people think my puns are juvenile.

I prefer to think of them as...

Full Groan."
"My dad always said the first rule of theater is to always leave them wanting more.

Great guy...

Terrible anesthetist."
"I realized my parents favored my twin brother when they asked me to blow up balloons for his surprise birthday party."
"I think my phone is broken... I pressed the home button and I'm still at work."
"The average height of a Disney dwarf is 3 feet.

That's a little gnome fact."
"Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation to the local swimming pool.

I gave him a glass of water."
"Not sure why society seems to hate lazy people.

They didn't even do anything."
"Is a stolen Hershey bar considered

hot chocolate?"
"When one door closes, another one opens.

Other than that, it's a pretty good car..."
"Never debate me on which vowel is most important...

I will always win."
"My wife wants a pony for Christmas. I think a traditional turkey would taste better, but it's her choice."
"Two windmills are standing in a field and one asks the other, 'What kind of music do you like?'

The other says, 'I'm a big metal fan.'"
"This girl on Tinder asked me why I have an unlit cigarette in my picture... I told her I'm just looking for matches."
"Alarming news!

A clock factory was on fire.

Second-hand smoke everywhere!

People were gathered around to watch. I think they were all cuckoo.

I'm a little ticked off about what some people will do just for a hot time.

If you don't understand this joke...

I'll give you a minute."
"I was at the museum and saw a painting of a bowl, with milk and some kind of food inside. It was surreal."
"I have a library joke, but I'll shelve it for now."
"What do cows tell each other at bedtime? Dairy tales."
"They should make another Taken movie about Liam Neeson being under-appreciated for trying to keep his family safe.

Taken 4: Granted"
"You never hear of accountants getting attacked. There must be safety in numbers."
"The condition of the man who was mauled at the teddy bears' picnic is said to be improving, but he's not out of the woods yet!"
"My granddad has the heart of a lion...

And a lifetime ban from the zoo."
"One South American parrot cannot survive in the jungle.

But toucan..."
"How to cook the correct amount of pasta:

1. Pour out how much you think you need.

2. Wrong."
"I made a playlist for hiking. It was music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem.

I call it my Trail Mix."
"I can't believe I was arrested for impersonating a politician...

I was just sitting there doing nothing."
"Last night my wife and I watched three movies back to back. Luckily, I was the one facing the TV."
"What did the Power Ranger say after being sent to the hospital?

It's morphine time."
"Why do the French only use one egg when baking a cake? Because one egg is un oeuf."
"My wife said to me that if I got her another stupid gift this Christmas, she would burn it.

So I bought her a candle."
"[At parole hearing]
Officer: Why should you be released early?
Man: I'm...
Officer: Go on.
Man: I think...
Officer: Yes?
Man: Can I please finish my sentence?
Officer: Sure. Parole denied."
"I saw a man take a gate from the bottom of my garden. I didn't say anything...

I didn't want him to take a fence."
"What washes up on tiny beaches? Microwaves."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?

Because they make up everything!"
"Dad, how do you cast spells?

Dad: You just follow the instructions.

Which instructions?

Dad: Yep, they're the ones."
"What do we want?

Procrastination!

When do we want it?

There's no rush..."
"My girlfriend said she'd only marry me if I overcame my ambulance obsession.

I can't wait to get down on one knee nor knee nor knee nor!"
"What's Yoda's last name?

Layheehoo."
"Know why zebras have stripes?

To keep them from being spotted..."
"Yesterday I read an article about the dangers of drinking too much... It scared the hell out of me, so today I've decided never to read it again."
Damn potheads! I'll see you inhale!
"An Elf and an Orc walk into a bar.

The Dwarf walks under it, laughing."
"I'm just heading down to the store to do some Christmas shopping.

My daughter says she wants lots of frozen stuff this year."
"What do you call a bee hive with no exits?

Unbelievable."
"Without a doubt, my favorite Robin Williams movie is Mrs. Fire."
"What do you call a camel with no humps?

Humphrey."
"My son asked why I kept pacing in front of the clock... I told him I was just passing the time."
"Last night on Dancing With The Tsars, Peter and Catherine were great, but Ivan was terrible."
Why was the baby jalapeño shivering? He was a little chili.
"How do you make a water bed more bouncy?

Fill it with spring water."
"What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?

Supplies!!!"
"[Police chasing man on foot]
Police: STOP RIGHT THERE!
Man: (breathless) Oh god! I can't run anymore.
Police: (grinning) Sounds like you need... arrest."
"You don't need a parachute to go skydiving...
You need a parachute to go skydiving twice..."
"My wife kept going on and on about what she should use the empty drawer for.
Eventually, I told her to put a sock in it."
"What did the mouse use to build his house? Cottage cheese."
"What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
Outlaws are wanted."
"How much does a lizard weigh?
Depends on the scales."
"I was telling a joke and sneezed, everyone thought that was the joke!

.

But it's snot..."
"I strained myself

walking through a screen door."
"My wife loves complaining about how long she spends breast-pumping for our new son. She's really milking it for all it's worth."
"Cutting the lawn last fall, my wife commented she loved the smell of fresh-cut grass. I told her we should bottle it and make a fortune. We'll call it: Meau de Lawn."
"Where do crayons go for vacation?

Colorado."
"For Christmas, I bought my wife new beads for her abacus. It's the little things that count."
What do you call your mom's angry French sister? A Croissant...
"How would you describe me to your friends?

An absolute joke!"
"I got a bar installed into my roof.

Just so whenever I have guests, I can say drinks are on the house."
"I fainted in the curry house when I heard REM had split up.

That's me in the Korma."
"On my 42nd birthday, I announced to my kids that... finally... I have fortitude."
"How do a fool and his money get together?
By chance!"
"Would you rather spend five days exploring Disney World or New York City?
Tough choice: Mickey Mouse ears or New York pizza?"
"How do you steal a coat?
You jacket."
"It's inappropriate to make a dad joke if you're not a dad.
It's a faux pa."
"Today I went into the barber shop and asked if they had any 'hair paint.' I've got a never-say-dye attitude."
"What do you call the cleavage between breast implants?
Silicon Valley."
"Called the vet this morning...

Me: Hello, I need to make an appointment for my pet ostrich.
Vet: Okay, what's the problem?
Me: He's holding his head to one side.
Vet: Hmm, maybe necks weak?
Me: Haven't you got anything sooner?"
"They really should stock ATMs better. I went to five different ones today, and they all said insufficient funds!"
What currency do they use in outer space? Starbucks.
What happened when the red ship crashed into the blue ship? The crews were marooned.
"My wife said she's leaving me because I can't do anything right when it comes to housework.

Took me hours to mop that carpet too!"
"Know why you can't tweet long jokes here?

This isn't where they be long."
"My friend Victor recently changed his last name to E, but no one knows why… He's become a Mr. E..."
Enough with the corny dad jokes! We're all groan adults here...
Noah was an excellent investor. He just floated that stock while everyone else liquidated.
"What do you get if you cross a Christmas tree with an apple?

A pineapple."
"I decided to learn sign language. It's surprisingly very handy."
"After my son's team won the soccer game, the goalkeeper invited us to his house for a party.

It was the father, the son, and the goalie host."
"I have a history joke, but it hasn't happened yet."
My dad told me to stop pretending to be a farm animal. He was sick of me horsing around.
There's a guy going around dipping his testicles in glitter. It's pretty nuts.
"All the toilets in New York's police stations have been stolen.

Police have nothing to go on."
"I had an operation on my funny bone today.

The doctor said I will be in stitches for two weeks."
"What do you call a pond filled with fake fish?

A de-koi pond!"
"What do you call a man with no nose and no body? Nobody nose."
"I'm reading a horror story in Braille...

Something bad is going to happen...

I can feel it."
"I took a course in oceanography. It was hard to fathom."
"What do you get when a gemologist develops acrophobia?

A stoner who's afraid to get high!"
"A perfectionist walked into a bar... apparently, the bar wasn't set high enough."
"A guy proposed to his girlfriend in the gym.

She told him no!

.

.

.

.

.

That didn't work out..."
"I am starting a charity to teach short people math.

It's called making the little things count."
"I'd tell you a chemistry joke, but I know I wouldn't get a reaction."
"I had a dream where I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram.

I was like 0mg."
"My book, 'How to Say No Emphatically in German,' is now available - only $9.99 in all good bookstores."
"I was telling my doctor earlier how my tennis elbow was really hurting.

She asked how many years I've had it for.

I said, '15-love.'"
"Why should you never iron a shamrock? Because you shouldn't press your luck."
"I'm going to open a condom company. I think I'll call it...

Don't kid yourself."
"I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me."
"What does James Bond do before he goes to bed? He goes undercover."
"I've got some racing geese for sale. Let me know if you want a quick gander."
"Odorless perfumes are non-scents."
"It used to be called Swordsylvania, but the mightier Penns took over and renamed it."
"I told my friend a joke about a drunken woman, but it fell flat!"
"What's a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer?

Comet!"
"My sewing instructor just told me that I'm the worst student she has ever seen.

Oops. Wrong thread."
"What did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob?

If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts."
"There is a famous musical group called the TROJANS.

Also known as the Rubber Band."
"What do you call a Roman Emperor with a cold?
Julius Sneezer."
"I have a train conductor joke that is off... the... rails hilarious!"
"I have a mortgage joke, but nobody's interested."
"I dated a cross-eyed girl once.
It didn't work out. She was seeing someone else."
"I can already say with 100% confidence that the upcoming weekend wasn't long enough."
"My friend asked me to be the Usher at his wedding.
I said I'd try to learn a couple of his songs, but I won't be able to do the dance routines."
"What is the best kung fu vegetable?
Brocc Lee."
"I passed a participle today. That was tense."
"I don't always go the extra mile, but when I do, it's because I missed my exit..."
"What does DNA stand for?
The National Dyslexic Association."
"I went to the best ever burger van today.

It was so good, it had 4 Michelin tires."
"Hey Watson, is that mud on your boots?

No, shit Sherlock..."
"Can a shoebox?

No, but a tin can!"
"Police are looking for a man who stabbed six people with knitting needles.

He seems to be following some sort of pattern."
"Why does the Swedish navy have bar codes on their ships? So when they return to port they can Scandinavian."
"So Stephen King has a son named Joe...

I'm not joking...

but he is..."
"I don't like floors. They make up stories."
"My friend keeps saying, cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water.

I know he means well."
"Why did the vegan cross the road?

To tell someone he was a vegan."
"I've started growing herbs in my garden.

To help identify them, I'm growing them in alphabetical order.

My neighbor asked me, how do you find the time?

I said: Easy, it's right here next to the sage."
"Me: Alexa, remind me to go to the gym.

Alexa: I have added gin to your shopping list."
"My son was at a Republican County fair.

They had a big slide called Climb It.

It cost 10 cents a slide.

I gave my son a buck, but he came back without the other 90 cents.

He said they wouldn't give it to him.

When I complained, they said there was no such thing as Climb It Change."
"After a long day, it was nice to hear someone compliment my homemade bread.

I kneaded that."
"Who would I like to live like for a day?

A millionaire, because then I'd only have to work one day a year!"
"Life was so simple before I got married.

I had absolutely no idea that there was a wrong way to put the milk back in the fridge."
"I wonder if Nomads ever get angry?

Maybe they just get a little wander-gry."
"It's probably not safe for me to be driving right now. But, hey, bad brakes have never stopped me before."
"Did you hear about the road where all the crazy people go?

It's a psycho path."
"When it comes to chemistry puns...

I'm in my element."
"If I started a band called Ceiling, would that make people who enjoy my music Ceiling fans?"
"Bought a can of fly spray from the supermarket today.
Sprayed it all over myself. I still can't fly."
"This morning I saw the milkman drinking a sip of milk before leaving it in front of my door. How dairy!"
"If you're struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas, get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it."
What do you call a guy with kids in Holland? An Amsterdad.
My tree trimmer is so awesome when he's done he takes a bough.
When Dad died he left me his Subaru. It was his final legacy.
"I have devised a way to repurpose greenhouse gases to bring cheap energy to consumers.
I get a lot of criticisms from petroleum industry experts, but there's a methane to my madness."
"When picking up the coffee you ordered at Starbucks, always be appreciative and polite.
Be sure to say, Thanks, a latte!"
"Why is Thor's brother so relaxed all the time? I don't know—he's just low-key."
"Did you hear about the airline that's flying to the Arab world?
They have some great discounts for Arab royalty.
These are the United Arab Emir rates!"
"Today I met Bruce Lee's vegetarian brother...

Broco Lee."
"You have the right to romaine silent. Anything you say can be used against you."
"My cannibal friend always shows up late to our lunches.

This time we gave him the cold shoulder."
"I had a dream I was swimming in an ocean of orange soda.

Turns out it was just a Fanta Sea."
"Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot."
"If towels could tell jokes, they would probably have a dry sense of humor."
"In a recent poll, eight out of ten dogs said they would bank with Barklays."
"Our new IT guy just moved here from Australia.

He comes from a LAN down under."
"Don't be worried about your smartphone and TV spying on you.

Your vacuum has been gathering dirt on you for years!"
"My wife kicked me out of the house because my Arnold Schwarzenegger impression was really bad.

But don't worry...

I'll return."
"If someone with a toe fetish cheats on you, does that mean they got off on the wrong foot?"
"I'm 25% funny

and 85% bad at math."
"A shoplifter stole an entire case of Red Bull from my store today. I have no idea how he can sleep at night."
"My grandfather is 85, and he still doesn't need glasses.

He drinks straight from the bottle!"
"I hate all sweeping statements.

They always seem like a clean break from reality."
"I don't do car puns.

They are exhausting..."
"I did a theatrical performance about puns.

It was a play on words."
"A Viagra shipment was stolen. Police are looking for hardened criminals."
"The worst part about parallel parking is the witnesses.

They always make you feel like you're on trial."
"A truck carrying a load of pool equipment has crashed on the highway.

The driver is under arrest, and the cues go back miles!"
"What do you call a lumberjack with a website?
A b-logger."
"I think I'm more of an under the influencer."
"What did the judge say to the dentist?
Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth, and nothing but the tooth?"
"I lost my fingertips in a car wash, and I've been out of touch ever since..."
Tobacco chewers have spit personalities.
"I bought a new thesaurus today.
It's nothing to write home about."
"I'm glad I know sign language; it's pretty handy."
"Why don't spiders go to school?
Because they learn everything on the web!"
"How do you know that honesty is the best policy until you have tried some of the others?"
"Why doesn't Dracula have any friends?
Because he's a pain in the neck."
"A man stumbles upon a lamp, and a genie pops out and offers him three wishes.
Man: For my first wish, I'd like to be rich.
Genie: Alright, Rich, what's your second wish?"
"Student: I'm reading a new book in school.
Me: Oh yeah, what's it called?
Student: Animal Farm.
Me: Orwell?
Student: Yes, it's going great, thanks!"
"Genie: What is your final wish?
Boy: I wish I were you.
Genie: Weird but alright."
"Einstein married his cousin Elsa.
Even his marriage was relative..."
"As a child, it was my dream to make a perfect bar of soap, but somehow it just slipped away..."
"I remember being a kid, and my parents filled my head with nonsense, like Santa, the Easter Bunny, and the Tooth Fairy. Now that I'm older, I don't fall for that stuff anymore, thank God."
"Why don't scientists trust atoms?
Because they make up everything!"
"What's the worst part about being a cross-eyed teacher?
They can't control their pupils!"
"I always regret making a good first impression because there's no way I can keep that up!"
"It's no longer called boxed wine; the classy term is Cardboardeaux."
"Husband doing crosswords with his wife:
Husband: Empathic no, 5 letters
Wife: Never
H: Pistol, 3 letters
W: Gun
H: Disgust, 3 letters
W: Ugh
H: Charity, 4
W: Give
H: Female sheep, 3
W: Ewe
H: Pixar Movie, 2
W: Up"
"I had a plumbing joke. But it got flushed."
"An author who wrote from his basement had a best cellar."
"My dad told me to make little things count. So now I'm teaching math to the Seven Dwarfs."
"I took a photo of a mouse today.
He didn't say 'cheese', but I could tell he was thinking it."
"If you're born in September, it's pretty safe to assume...
your parents started out the New Year with a bang!"
"I had a pun joke, but it didn't quite come to fruition."
"My ex just texted me to say she's made a voodoo doll of me.
I think she's pulling my leg."
"Where does someone who is really vague live?
In a state of confusion."
"Would you rather live for a week in the past or the future?
I'd go for the future. I'm hoping by then, my jokes will finally get a laugh!"
"The opposite of formaldehyde is casualdejekyll."
"When I noticed HI in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend...

Then I saw the next two letters..."
"Maybe installing a Freudian Autocorrect app wasn't the best idea after all..."
"A priest, a minister, and a rabbit walk into a bar...

The rabbit says, 'I think I might be a typo.'"
"What did the green grape say to the purple grape? 'Breathe out, you idiot!'"
"Prosecutors are pursuing IKEA for evading over $500 million in taxes.

But they're having a hard time putting their case together."
"Found in an advice page:
Question: My child won't eat meat, with what can I replace it?

Answer: A dog. Dogs love meat."
"A hole was found in the wall of a nudist camp.

The police are looking into it."
"Knock, knock.

Who's there?

Made up.

Made up who?

Oh sorry, I'll come back later."
"2 to the power of 4
Plus 156 more
Minus eggs in a crate
Divided by 8
Equals exactly a score!"
"My wife left me saying I was too paranoid and insecure. No wait! She was just making a cup of tea."
"When a new mom's water breaks, it makes a labor pool..."
My wife still hasn't told me what my New Year's resolutions are.
"If you are going to learn how to cross-country ski, start with a skinny one, like Chile."
"Be careful people, there are a lot of scams on the internet.

For just $19.99, I can show you how to avoid them."
"Fortune telling:

Seance fiction."
"A ghost walks into a bar and orders a shot of vodka.

The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve spirits here.'"
"What's Russia's favorite streaming platform? Nyetflix."
"What do you get if you cross a dyslexic, an insomniac, and an agnostic?

Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog."
"I'm selling a TV for $1, but it's broken and it's stuck on the highest volume. It's something you can't turn down."
"After God created 24 hours of alternating darkness and light, one of the angels asked him, 'What are you going to do now?' God said, 'I think I'm going to call it a day.'"
"My dog took a crap, and it looked like it had writing on it. I couldn't read it because I can't read shit without my glasses."
"My wife says that I wasted money by ordering a 3-meter wide frame for our wedding photo. Well, I think she should look at the bigger picture."
"Who did the ghost bring to his Halloween party? His boo!"
"Me: I'm still tired from all the CrossFit this morning.
Co-worker: It's pronounced croissant."
"I recently decided to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust."
"I discovered that you can turn your ordinary sofa into a sofa bed simply by forgetting your anniversary!"
"I'm allergic to death.

It causes me to start coffin."
"I have a beekeeping joke, but the end stings!"
"Back in my day...

There was so much toilet paper.

People used to literally string it up in the trees of their enemies."
"Interesting fact:

A shark will only attack you if you're wet.

---

I took my wife out on a date to the ice rink, and entry was half price. She called me a cheap skate.

---

Fell asleep at a party last night, and someone put a teabag in my mouth. I went mad!

No one treats me like a mug.

---

I've just started working as a professional dog walker and it's so easy.

It's a walk in the park.

---

Did you hear about the drummer who decided to name all his daughters the same name?

Anna 1, Anna 2, Anna 3, Anna 4.

---

It's not that the man did not know how to juggle. He just didn't have the balls to do it.

---

Had a terrifying experience last night...

I was alone in the house taking a bath...

when all of a sudden...

I felt a tap on my back...

---

There was a guy who recently earned a PhD in palindromes. His name is Dr. Awkward.

---

What do you call a zombified piece of toast? The un-bread.

---

My wife woke up with a huge smile on her face this morning.

I love felt tips.

---

Why don't skeletons fight each other?

They don't have the guts."
"What will happen if you have a wooden car with a wooden engine and wooden wheels? It wooden start."
"Son: Alright, I'm done. Where's the pizza?
Kansas: Oh no!"
"I got trapped in a bidding war for a house because my wife loved the lengthy corridor. Now I'm in it for the long hall."
"I just flew back from a canned ravioli convention.
Boy, are these arms tired!"
"A boy heard the biblical story about Lot's wife looking back and turning into a pillar of salt. He remarked, 'That's nothing! When my mom looked back while driving me home from school, she turned into a lamppost!'"
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
"My wife told our therapist that I never bought her flowers...
To be fair, I never knew she sold flowers..."
"My friends and I are in a band called Duvet.
We're a cover band."
"A woodworm walks into a bar and asks, 'Is the bar tender here?'"
Do you think the movie Singing in the Rain would have been more effective if it was filmed in Singapore?
"A farmer who owned 67 sheep asked me to round them up.

I said: Sure. 70."
"My dog only listens to commands in Spanish.

He's Espanyol."
"What do you call someone who has 10 ants? A landlord."
"When I was abducted, the aliens made me wipe my feet, blow my nose, and eat my greens... I think I was on the mother ship..."
"Me: I used to use an exercise bike
Daughter: Did you?
Me: Yeah, but I stopped
Daughter: Why?
Me: It was getting me nowhere"
"Why couldn't Noah's family play cards on the Ark? Because Noah was standing on the deck!"
"My ex-wife says it was my obsession with horoscopes that Taurus apart."
"Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they'd be bay-gulls!"
"Did you hear about the blind circumciser? He got the sack."
"What do you call a snail on a boat?

A snailor."
"My girlfriend kept saying I should treat her like a princess.

So I forced her to marry an old guy she's never met to secure an alliance with the French."
"Know why you never hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom?

It's because the P is silent..."
"Don't run behind a car...
You'll get exhausted.
Don't run in front of a car...
You'll get tired."
"I got thrown out of the movie theater for bringing my own food yesterday.
Been ages since I've had a barbecue."
"I'm colorblind and the other day I thought I could actually detect purple...
...but it was just a pigment of my imagination."
"Why did the man get hit by a bike every day?

It was a vicious cycle."
"I have a joke about clocks, but I haven't got the time."
"If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?"
"I can't find my Gone in 60 Seconds DVD.
It was here a minute ago."
"Eyelashes are supposed to prevent things from getting in your eyes, but when I do have something in my eye, it's always an eyelash.

Eyeronic."
"Every time I go out to dinner with my dad, he always walks into the restaurant and shouts:

'Yes, we have reservations! ...but we'll eat here anyway!'"
"What other part of your body can drink Dutch beer?

Obviously, your Heineken!"
"What do you call it when a bunch of old men clap?

Menapplause..."
"I wrote a song about a tortilla...

Actually, it was more of a wrap..."
"How do you cut the ocean in half?

Use a Sea Saw."
"An angry and mean-looking three-legged dog walks into a bar in the old Wild West and says:

'I'm lookin' for the man that shot my paw.'"
"Random thought:

I bet 'Do not touch' is a scary thing to read in Braille."
"I'm great at starting sentences, but my friend said I don't capitalize on it very well."
"I have a prom joke, but the punchline is too long. How about a dance joke? It's got a real twist!"
"As a kid, I was teased because I didn't know how to spell 'Armageddon'

not like it's the end of the world."
"One of the most amazing displays of democracy in history is that one thousand islands managed to come together and agree on a single dressing."
"Capital letters:

The difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse

and helping your uncle jack off a horse."
"I told my wife I had a job in a bowling alley. She said Tenpin?

I said No, permanent."
"What do you call a dentist who doesn't like tea?

Denis."
"A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother."
"I heard a joke about wealth, but 99% won't get it."
"I never make mistakes…I thought I did once, but I was wrong."
"What kind of underwear do long-distance runners wear?

Marathongs..."
"I have a history joke, but it's in ruins."
"I want to make a joke about communist Russia, but I keep finding reasons for Stalin..."
"I would be a morning person if morning happened around 1 p.m..."
"Apparently, David Hasselhoff has changed his name to David Hoff. He can't be bothered with the Hassle anymore."
"Told my wife that I don't want to go to an 80s fancy dress party.

But she remains adamant."
"I was in the supermarket the other day when this guy threw a block of cheese at me. Incredulous, I shouted, 'Well, that's not very mature, is it!?'"
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
"Doctor! I keep thinking I'm a woman who delivers babies!

You're just going through a midwife crisis."
"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth-Hurty."
"I boiled a funny bone once. It turned into a laughing stock."
"People couldn't believe my 4.0 GPA while working 2 jobs and having a social life.

I mean, anything is possible if you lie."
"A guy goes into a lawyer's office and asks the lawyer, 'Excuse me, how much do you charge?' The lawyer responds, 'I charge $1,000 to answer three questions.' The guy says, 'That's a bit expensive, isn't it?' The lawyer replies, 'Yes. What's your third question?'"
"Elevators terrify me.

I'm taking steps to avoid them."
"You can't trust atoms...

They make up everything."
"My battery died the other day. It was an AA tragedy."
"I have a pharmacy joke, but it's going to be about 15 minutes."
"The first day of school, I signed up for English, Math, Science, and Geography. The rest, as they say, is history."
"I have a joke about the gym, and I bet you can't weight to hear it."
"I stopped a guy in the street and said, 'Can you help me? I'm looking for a garbage tip.' He replied, 'How about England to win the World Cup?'"
"If laziness was an Olympic sport...

I'd come in fourth so I wouldn't have to walk up to the podium."
"A thesaurus was loaded onto a truck, which then crashed. Witnesses were stunned, startled, aghast, taken aback, stupefied, confused, shocked, rattled, paralyzed, dazed, bewildered, mixed up, surprised, awed, and dumbfounded!"
"They say a watermelon is 99% water.

But it's really 50%."
"A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off."
"I've started a sarcasm club.

It would mean the world to me if you joined."
"A content psychic...

A Happy Medium..."
"I was in a taxi today, and the driver said, 'I love my job. I'm my own boss. Nobody tells me what to do.' Then I said, 'Turn left here.'"
"People in the U.S. eat more bananas than monkeys.

Last year, they consumed 82,198,695 bananas and only 4 monkeys!"
"Anyone want to buy a broken barometer? No pressure."
"What do you call a bee who can't make up his mind? A maybe."
"Do you know what a healthy pregnant sheep is called?

Well, due ewe?"
"Do you think, when the name Saturn was suggested, it was because it had a nice ring to it?"
"Technically the overall goal of golf...

is to play less golf..."
"What do you call a small mother? A minimum."
"What do ducks call heart pains? A heart-a-quack."
"People always told my dad that his pride would be the death of him... And sure enough, he was eaten by his favorite lion last Friday."
"My brother didn't pay his water bill, so I sent him a Get Well Soon card..."
"If money doesn't grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?"
"What do you call Mountain Dew in a bottle?

No can do!"
"My daughter wanted a bouncy castle for her birthday. The guy said the rental was $50, and the set-up fee was $1000. I said: That's outrageous. He just shrugged and said: That's inflation for you."
Two guys walk into a bar. The third one ducks.
"I have a presidential joke, but I'm Biden my time before I tell it."
"A writer approached me today acting strange and asked me to help him find his backyard… I think he's lost the plot."
"I used to hate math, but then I realized decimals have a point."
"I wrote the names of everyone I've unfriended onto a piece of paper; but my roommate took it and rolled it into a joint.
Now he's high on my list of people I never want to see again."
"An open letter to all my fans...

C"
"What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh."
"I called the tinnitus help line. It wouldn't stop ringing."
"My brother and I inherited some furniture from the local zoo. My brother was angry because I got the lion's chair."
"My son asked me to explain women to him, so I bought him an Xbox game for his PlayStation."
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighborhood? The spaghetto.
"They say that during sex you burn off as many calories as running 8 miles.


Who the heck runs 8 miles in 30 seconds?"
"New regulations say Santa's helpers must wear a seatbelt at all times when they're on the sleigh.

It's elfin safety gone mad."
"Not everyone is gonna like you. You can't please them all.

(Unless you're my mom, then everyone loves you!)"
"What happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence?

Udder destruction."
"My Viagra addiction... was the hardest time of my life."
"What rhymes with orange? No, it doesn't."
"My boss pulled up in his brand new BMW today, and I couldn't help but admire it. 'Nice car,' I said as he got out. 'Well,' he said, noticing my admiring looks, 'work hard, put the hours in, and this time next year, I'll have an even better one!'"
"How come the stadium got hot after the game?

Because all of the fans left."
"Why do hot dogs come 10 to a package and hot dog buns only 8?

Because life is never a perfect fit."
"I thought I had a math joke, but it wouldn't add up."
"My wife's favorite song is Ain't No Sunshine by Bill Withers, and she reminds me of this every single time it's on the radio...

I usually reply: I know, I know, I know, I know, I know."
"I stubbed my toe and got scolded by my parents for yelling, 'What the duck!' They were angry that I used fowl language."
"I have a history joke, but it's old-fashioned."
"I'm feeling a bit gutted. Honestly thought I'd win the giant butterfly competition.

I told everyone I would win...

Me and my big moth."
"Where did Noah keep his fish? In a multi-story carp ark."
"What if the Hokey Pokey IS what it's all about?"
"What do you call a strategist with nice breath? A tictacian."
"My car failed its emissions test today!

Fuming."
"My friend needed a bone marrow transplant, and after many searches, we found a perfect match in Argentina.

The operation took place and was a great success.

Our thanks go out to Diego, Marrow Donor."
"So now that the ISIS leader is dead, are they going to call themselves WASWAS?"
"What do you call people in China who cover their legs whenever it's sunny?
Can't-tan-knees."
"What do you get when the sunrise bends over?
The crack of dawn."
"Why don’t scientists trust atoms?
Because they make up everything!"
"Rabbits jump and they live for 8 years.
Dogs run and they live for 15 years.
Turtles don't do anything and they live for 150 years.

LESSON LEARNED!"
"My wife told me that I twist everything she says to my advantage. I take that as a compliment..."
"My brother can do motorcycle stunts in the snow. It's wheelie cool."
"Heading down to the Autopsy Club later.
It's open Mike night."
"I've started a business building yachts in my attic.
Sails are going through the roof!"
"Have you heard about Elton John's new comedy tour?
It's a little bit funny..."
"I wrote a book about basements.
It made the best cellars list!"
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do Mayflowers bring?

Pilgrims."
"In one of the largest Ponzi schemes of all time, Bernie Madoff made off with a lot of money."
"Can you make me breakfast in bed?' asked my wife. I said, 'No, I'll have to go to the kitchen."
"Regardless of the performance style, a national anthem is ALWAYS...

country music."
"I'll tell you what often gets overlooked.

Garden fences."
"What do you call an angsty teenage robot?

A sigh Borg."
"What do you call a little boy who's half French and half Scottish?

A oui lad."
"My wife and I are going to a Jamaican party. She told me she wants her hair braided. I'm dreading it."
"Why do German girls all have the same phone number? Every one of them I ask says 999-9999."
"I joined the rowing team for health reasons...

since then, I've had repeated strokes."
"I was fired from the ice cream factory today. It was because I'll only work on two sundaes a month."
"A sandwich is just a sandwich, but a MANWICH is a meal!"
"I raise rabbits inside my farmhouse.

They are ingrown hare."
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!"
"What do you call a farmer that doesn't like tractors anymore?

An extractor fan."
"Do you guys remember that One Hit Wonder Gotye guy?

You could say that he was somebody that we used to know."
"Two birds on a perch. One says to the other, 'Does something smell fishy to you?'"
"How many syllables does the word Gloria have?

Catholics: 18"
"What did one plate say to the other? Lunch is on me!"
"I have a biology joke, but it takes time to grow on you."
"[backstage at a concert]
Hey guys, you mind signing this?

[next day at car dealership]
Rascal Flatts is your cosigner?"
"Got a universal remote for my birthday. This changes everything."
"Why did the S&M addict give up using his cat o' nine tails? He was at his whip's end!"
"What do you call a Thomas Cook flight going backwards? A receding airline."
"I know a guy who said he wished he had named his kid 12.

Turns out they dozen cook, dozen clean, dozen do anything."
"What kind of music do planets listen to?
Nep-tunes."
"Hi, I'm Buzz Aldrin. Second person to step on the moon. Neil before me."
"Me: Alexa, check my bank balance and let me know what Apple product I can afford...

Alexa: Juice..."
"I made a rocking chair today.

It wasn't meant to rock; I'm just terrible at woodwork."
"I just found out they won't be making 12-inch rulers any longer!
They're just going to be shorter."
"I always knock on the fridge before I open it...

Just in case there's a salad dressing..."
"The Devil whispered to me, 'I'm coming for you.'

I whispered back, 'Bring pizza.'"
"It's crazy how fast milk trucks are driven these days.

One blink and they've gone pasteurized."
"How do chicken farmers keep warm? They use chicken fajitas."
"I’ve just stolen loads of swimming pool inflatables. I'd better lie low."
"I couldn't work out how to fasten my seatbelt.

Then it clicked."
"I went into a pet shop and asked for twelve bees. The shopkeeper counted out thirteen and handed them over.

'You've given me one too many.'

'That one is a freebie.'"
"NO, I will not take the road less traveled...
I have lived in the South...
Have you SEEN Deliverance?"
"Boss texts me: 'Send me one of those funny dad jokes.'
Me: 'I can't, I'm busy working.'
Boss: 'That's hilarious. Do you have any more?'"
"My girlfriend asked: 'How do you feel about getting married?'
I replied: 'It has a nice ring to it.'"
"What's the difference between a Scotsman and Walt Disney? A Scotsman wears a kilt and Walt Disney."
"What do you call the smartest mountain? Cleverest!"
"I've just heard that vandals have stolen the F from the Funfair sign in our town. Now that is just unfair."
"When Dad drops a pea off of his plate, he says, 'Oh dear, I've pee'd on the table!'"
"The Sabbath is on Sunday.
A Saab bath is a carwash."
"Where do lizards go to fix their fallen tails? The retail shop."
"What is a geologist's favorite music genre? Rock.
Vulcanologist? Soft rock.
Nuclear physicist? Heavy metal.
Balloon animal magician? Pop.
Orthopedic surgeon? Hip hop.
Psychiatrist? Funk.
Shoe cobbler? Soul.
Kellyanne Conway? Alternative."
"Camping is intense."
"I taught my daughter what bargain meant. She said, 'Thanks, Dad. That means a great deal!'"
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
"My friend went completely bald years ago, but he still carries a comb with him. He just can't part with it."
"Why did the chicken cross the playground?

To get to the other slide."
"I walked into a bank, pointed a long, thin piece of wood at the ceiling shouting: 'This is a stick up!'

I didn't think that it woodwork.

They removed me from the branch.

I got probation when the judge saw I was only shooting planks."
"Wedding ring: a tourniquet worn on the left hand to stop circulation."
"What color is the wind?

Blew."
"Did you hear about the assistant chef who only prepared Native American dishes? He was a Sioux chef."
"When I was young I had a disease that meant I had to eat dirt twice a day. Thank God my brother was there to tell me what to do."
"My favorite teacher at school was Mrs. Turtle. Strange name, but she tortoise well."
"I was in a liquor store and the owner asked me, 'Do you need help?' I said, 'Yes, but I'll have a bottle of whiskey instead.'"
"Keeping tropical fish at home can have a calming effect on the brain.

Due to all the indoor fins."
"Whenever it rains, my wife just stands at the window looking kind of sad.

Maybe I should let her in."
"Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?"
"Mulligan:

When your bad shot is
fore-given."
"I asked a pirate what makes him the angriest.

He said when someone steals his p...arrot!"
"What's the difference between a futon and a crouton? One's a little sofa bed, the other a little floater bread."
"Always give 100% at work.

12% on Monday
23% on Tuesday
40% on Wednesday
20% on Thursday
5% on Fridays"
"Breaking news: An Italian branch of Heinz Soups has just gone into administrone!"
"If the grocery store disallows gum in employees' mouths, would it be safe to say that...

baggers can't be chewsers?"
"My wife is throwing me out because of my Only Fools and Horses obsession.

I'd better fetch the suitcase from the van."
"Last night, in bed, my wife asked me to put fresh fish and herbs on her. I said, There's a thyme and a plaice for that sort of thing."
Just caught my son spanking a cardboard cutout of Dwayne Johnson. He's officially hit Rock Bottom.
"People think being a waiter isn't a respectable job. But hey, it puts food on the table."
"We've been trying to think of some vegetable jokes...

If you can think of any, lettuce know."
"My friend claims that he accidentally glued himself to his autobiography, but I don't believe him.

But that's his story, and he's sticking to it."
"Basketball would be more exciting if each team had one sword."
"WIFE - Love you, babe xxx

Me - Love you too

WIFE - It would mean a lot if you started putting xs at the end of your texts xxx

Me - OK... Amy, Jane, Liz"
"A gingerbread man makes his bed using a cookie sheet..."
"I ran into my ex-girlfriend at the gym. We didn't work out..."
"My dad has had the same toothpick in his mouth since 1972. It's a real stick-to-it kind of situation."
"How do pigs communicate? They use swine language."
"My wife told me, 'I don't think I've ever seen you mop or sweep in my life!'
Me: 'Floors are beneath me.'"
"My friend claims he can build a gun using his new 3D printer. But I'm not impressed. I've had a Canon printer for years."
"What do you call a bear with no teeth?
A gummy bear!"
"Does anyone know if I can buy the entire chess set at a pawn shop?"
"My wife just told me that she's leaving me because of my obsession with rugby. I'm gutted. I begged her for one last try!"
"My book on clocks finally arrived. It's about time!"
"I went to a smoke shop only to discover that it has been replaced by an apparel store. Clothes, but no cigar."
"I know Henry VIII had six wives. There was Catherine of Aragon, Anne Boleyn, Anne of Cleves, Catherine Howard, Catherine Parr, but I can't for the life of me remember the surname of the one called Jane. Oh right, it was Seymour. (See more!)"
"I took my car to the mechanic because it was making a terrible noise. He removed the Mariah Carey Christmas CD, and now it's fine."
"My girlfriend threatened to leave me if I didn't stop pointing out random exits and entrances. I said, 'There's the door.'"
"You know, I used to make a lot of jokes about Japanese eggs, but I quit a long tamago."
I have a history joke but it was lost in time.
"A joke isn't really a dad joke...

until it's fully groan."
"Why did the baby strawberry cry? Because his parents were in a jam."
"I've lost my mood ring.

Not really sure how I feel about it."
"I have a numerical joke but it's pretty odd."
"What do vegetarian zombies eat? Grrrrrainnnnnssss."
"What kind of shoes do bakers wear? Loafers."
"I have a teaching joke, but it's still in development."
"If you see someone doing a crossword today, lean over them and say, '7 up is Lemonade.'"
"Just noticed my wife is wearing her sexy underwear. This can only mean one thing:

She's behind with the laundry!"
"Why are French omelets so small?

Because one egg is un oeuf."
"On our last wedding anniversary, my wife and I realized we'd been happily married for two years now!

1995 and 2009."
"What do you call a young musician?

A minor."
"This Just In:
Police were called to a daycare...

A three-year-old is suspected of resisting a rest..."
"Confucius say:

Man who uses pennies a lot has common cents."
"What does an astronaut do when he screws up? He apollo-gizes."
"There's an Aussie guy next door. Every night he stands at the top of our street singing, I want to know what love is. Bloody Foreigner."
I woke up this morning so sure I was an 80s pop star... I was adamant.
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
Did you hear about the lion that ate his friends? He had to swallow his pride.
"At the end of the physics lecture, I asked my professor, 'What happened before The Big Bang?' He said, 'Sorry. No time.'"
"I was asked to go out by four girls today! Turns out I was in the ladies' bathroom."
"Remember when air was free and now it costs a buck fifty?

Know why?
Inflation..."
"A car's weakest part is the nut holding the steering wheel."
"My ex left me because, according to her, I'll never amount to anything. Fifteen years later, I have one thing to say to her: Lucky guess."
"The store keeps calling me to come back and buy more furniture.

One nightstand is all I wanted."
"Ran into Rick Astley. He gave me his entire Pixar collection, except one of them.

He started dancing and said, 'Never gonna give you 'Up'.'"
"What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? Elephino (El-if-I-know)."
"What's the difference between a vampire and a smoker at a narcoleptic convention?
One sleeps in a coffin, and the other coughs at a sleep-in!"
"I asked Google, 'How often do people die in hot air balloons?'

Turns out it's only once..."
"Our local bridge was closed today. I still can't get over it!"
"What do you call a woman who lives at the top of a church tower? Belle."
"What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?

One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter."
"I almost got caught stealing a board game today...

...but it was a Risk I was willing to take."
"What'd the snail say on the turtle's back?

Wheeeeeeeeeeee!!!"
"I heard about a guy buying an old Boeing 747 to turn into a high-class restaurant.

I can't see that taking off."
"How do you know how heavy a red hot chili pepper is?

Give it a weigh, give a weigh, give it a weigh now..."
"I spent all day yesterday bobbing up and down in the water.

It's been my dream ever since I was a little buoy."
"Have you heard about the new broom? It's sweeping the nation!"
"I always think the thumb is on the left side...

On the other hand, it might be on the right side."
"My wife threatened to leave me because of my obsession with optical illusions. I said, 'Wait! This isn't what you think it is!'"
A young nurse was nervous about giving vaccinations but gave it her best shot.
"How do flat earthers travel the world?

On a plane."
"I say my secret superpower is detecting Indian flatbread in any given room.

My friends, it's naan-sense."
"I took a poll today... ...and found out that 100% of people get upset when a tent falls on top of them."
"Did you hear the joke about the airplane? It probably flew over your head."
"My friend lost his job at the dairy farm because of his erratic behavior. He was a danger to himself and udders."
"I need to re-home a dog. It's a small terrier, and tends to bark a lot.

If you're interested, let me know and I'll jump over my neighbor's fence and get it for you."
"I want to be something really scary for Halloween this year, so I'm dressing up as a phone battery at 2%."
"Okay, we get it, there is some bad lettuce going around... Everyone just needs to Romaine calm."
"What's a mathematician's favorite kind of boob?

Quantitties."
"Why is the ocean salty?

Because the land never waves back."
"My old math teacher was arrested today.

In his home was a protractor, a calculator, and a ruler.

He was arrested for carrying weapons of math instruction."
"A mother was having a heated argument with her teenage son when he blurted out, 'Why did you have me then?'

The mother replies, 'Well, we didn't know it was going to be you.'"
"What do you call holy bread?

Jesus Crust!"
"Why did the duck die?

It overdosed on quack."
"If H2O is water and H2O2 is hydrogen peroxide, what is H2O4?

Drinking."
"Doctor: Have you been drinking enough fluids lately?

Me: That's literally all I drink."
"I met a cactus the other day. He was a prick."
"A girl agreed to go out with me after I gave her a bottle of tonic water. Schwepped her off her feet."
"Where do beekeepers stay on vacation? Air bee and bee."
"A man died today due to his obsession with taking photos of himself next to a boiling kettle.
We believe he had serious selfie steam issues."
"Steve Jobs would have made a better president than Donald Trump...
But that's comparing apples to oranges."
"I don't understand people who preserve four-leaf clovers... They're really pressing their luck."
"I went into a pet shop and ordered 12 bees.
They gave me 13 and said the last one was a free bee."
"Me: You have a lot of work experience, but what are your degrees in?
Them: Well, I'm from Canada, so Celsius."
"I wonder if clouds ever look down on us and think, 'Hey, that one is shaped like an idiot.'"
"A baby's laughter can be the most beautiful sound you will ever hear.
Unless it's 3 a.m.
And you're home alone.
And you don't have a baby."
"Today I went to the toilet without my phone.
There are 178 tiles in the bathroom."
"I've got a new job working shift work making chess sets.
I'm on knights next week."
"If two vegans are having an argument, is it still considered beef?"
"They all laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well...
They're not laughing now."
"Why was the baby ant confused? Because all of his uncles were ants."
"I have an art joke for you, but it's a little too colorful."
"You can tell an ant's gender by putting it in water. If it sinks, it's a girl ant. If it floats, buoyant."
"Some people are good for nothing, but they still bring a smile to your face.
For instance, when you push them on a swing."
"Do you think Trump gets his hairpieces for free?
Or does he have toupee?"
"Who needs a wife anyway?
How difficult can it be to boil toast?"
"What has two butts and kills people?
An assassin."
"My New Year's resolution is to stop using spray-on deodorant!

Roll on 2021."
"A sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here...'"
"Australians don't reproduce.

They mate."
"Horses are pretty pessimistic...

They're all neigh-sayers."
"My son says he hates alphabet soup, though he's never even tried it.

Well, he's going to eat his words..."
"Some of my friends have been making very hurtful remarks about my choosing to wear mittens rather than gloves...

But I don't like to point fingers."
"Why didn't the skeleton want to send any Valentine's Day cards? His heart wasn't in it."
"What do you call a man with sore hands? Arthur Itis."
"My wife has started using wireless bras.

It's tricky enough as it is; now I need a password?"
"I just found a wallet with $20 in it.

I wasn't sure how to proceed, but then I thought, 'What would Jesus do?'

So I turned it into wine."
"I found out my ex-girlfriend is really a ghost.

I had my suspicions the moment she walked through the door."
"Trying to eliminate negativity from my life.

Therefore, Mondays are now Taco Tuesday Eve until further notice!"
"What do you call a snake that is exactly 3.14 meters long?

A πthon!"
"What did the policeman say to his belly button? You're under a vest."
"England doesn't have a kidney bank... But it does have a Liverpool."
"Words cannot describe how beautiful you are.

But numbers can, 11/10."
"Wow, it's warm!!

I've just stripped naked and opened all the windows.

The taxi driver doesn't seem happy about it though!"
"Policeman: Whose car is this? Where are you going? What do you do?

Miner: Mine."
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much."
"Why did the pharmacist break up with the pill bottle?

Because it couldn't handle their chemistry under the counter!"
"If you bump your head on a coffee maker, does it leave a...

...Brews?"
"How do you think the unthinkable?

With an itheberg..."
"Did you hear about the baker who got an electric shock?

He stepped on a bun and a currant shot up his leg."
"I’ve deleted enough tweets to know that I should never get a tattoo."
"I own a pencil that used to be owned by William Shakespeare.

But he chewed it a lot. Now I can't tell if it's 2B or not 2B."
"I took my car in for service the other day. It's still stuck inside the church doors."
"Just heard that a soccer team is playing in Newcastle next week.

They are expected to win 3-0."
"What color socks do bears wear?

They don't wear socks, they have bear feet!"
"What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast?

A synonym roll."
"Dad, can you tell me what a solar eclipse is?

No, son."
"I just found an origami adult channel...

But it's paper view."
"When you're homeless, it turns out you can use a self-storage facility...
They do get cranky when you have cookouts, though."
"I saw a guy in the bar last night carrying 17 bottles of beer.

I thought, that guy can really hold his drink."
"I have an internet joke, but it's still downloading."
I hate all 1970s female solo singers because of how vain they are. They are a bunch of pre-Madonnas.
I didn't think my orthopedic shoes would work... But I stand corrected.
"What do you call a pig with three eyes?

Piiig"
"I got the words jacuzzi and yakuza confused. Now I'm in hot water with the Japanese mafia."
"Why is it that you must wait until night to call it a day?"
"Just dropped my phone in mayonnaise.

Talk about a sticky situation!"
"What do you call a monkey that stepped on a minefield? A ba-boom."
"My family is worried about my addiction to dot-to-dot puzzles.

It's okay though, I know where to draw the line."
"What's a duck's favorite dip?

Quackamole."
"When I cut down our Christmas tree, my wife asked me if I was going to put it up myself.

I told her: Of course not. I was going to put it up in the living room."
"I've often heard that icy is the easiest word to spell.

Looking at it now...

I
see
why."
"My grief counselor died the other day. But he was so good I didn't care."
"I have a tire joke but I don't think it will get any traction."
"I have a telephone joke, but I can't seem to remember it."
"Dammit, I just burned my Hawaiian pizza. Maybe I should have cooked it on aloha temperature."
"Why was 79 sad? Because 81."
"I don't want to go into detail, but the Dyson ball cleaner is a very misleading product name..."
"If there's a traffic jam in Thailand, is that considered a Thai up?"
"What do you call a surprise attack by a group of pigs? A hambush."
"Mermaids wear seashells because b-shells are just too small. This was originally d-shells are too big, but it was wrong to make the smaller mermaids feel inadequate. They need support. So I ran a wire... Under the sea."
I started a business selling Japanese bonsai trees. It's been so successful I've had to move to smaller premises.
"I've been having trouble sleeping. Someone suggested counting sheep, but after 3 hours standing in a field, I'm still awake."
"I heard that the Sylvester Stallone Film Festival got off to a rocky start!"
"If I had a dollar for every woman who called me handsome... I'd have a dollar. Thanks, Grandma."
"I have a therapy joke, but it needs work."
"The police came to my house and asked where I was between 3 and 5. I told them preschool."
"Ricardo Montalbán struggled to find acting roles after Star Trek II...

Nobody wanted to hire an ex-Khan."
"My doctor told me I've got Athlete's foot. I figure if I can find another one, I'll go for the Olympics."
Confusion today when an office supply store moved...
"You wanna hear a joke in Chinese? Too bad, I can only do English."
"A rabbit and a bear were both squatting down, side by side, having a poop in the woods.

The bear turns to the rabbit and says, 'Do you ever get poop stuck in your fur?'

The rabbit replies, 'Nope, not really.'

So the bear grabs the rabbit and wipes his butt with it."
"I always carry a pebble with me to throw at people who sing Christmas songs in October.

I call it my jingle bell rock."
"What's the longest word in the dictionary?

Smiles, because there's a mile between the two S's."
"I learned something about my car when I crashed into a tree:

My Mercedes Benz."
"A lion never cheats on his wife. But a Tiger Wood."
"Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards?

He was just going through a stage."
"Knock! Knock!
Who's there?
Ayatollah.
Ayatollah who?
Ayatolla already..."
"Do you know why I make puns?

Because it's my respunsibility."
"I hate the key E minor. It gives me the E-B-G-Bs."
"What do you call a caveman that wanders around aimlessly?

A meander-thal."
"My son was doing his homework and asked what I knew about Galileo.

I said that I only knew he was a poor boy from a poor family."
"Sad news...

At the Nestle factory today, a member of staff was seriously injured when a pallet of chocolate fell more than 50 feet and crushed him underneath...

He tried in vain to attract attention, but every time he shouted, 'The milky bars are on me,' everyone cheered."
